q1: Give me All time 11 of Fifa World Cup with positions?
q2: Give me All time 11 of UCL With positions?
q3: Give me All time 11 of ODI Cricket World Cup?
q4: Give me All time 11 of T-20 Cricket World cup?
q5: what is the reason behinf constant flooding in pakistan every year?
q6: what makes pakista different from other countries?
q7: How AI is chaging the world?
q8: is advancement in AI is challenge or threat to the worlf if it is gets in unssafe hand ?
q9: why there is ethinicity hatared in pakistan what can be the solution to it ?
q10: what is the reason behind slow growth behind Pakistan's IT sector ?
q11: How sports is hold so much important in a dvelopment of a nation? and HOW pakistan can benefits from it?
q12: Why mental health is considered a least discussed topic in south Aisa especially in pakistan and how it is pakistan the people of pakistan especially the youth?
q13: discuss the importance of climate change?
q14: define Success what do you think Scuess looks like according to you?
q15: The _Diamond_ lay nearer the western side of the Moowar, with a war-boat at a respectable distance ahead and another astern of her.
q16: Fortunately, we had not dived in mid-ocean, for nothing would have stopped our dive but the bottom.
q17: The lieutenant, who was in the whale-boat, had been up for a walk an hour or two previous without so much as having seen a two-sworded man.
q18: On one occasion, when the officers had taken my nephew, Harry Stephenson, a round shot buried itself within a few yards of them.
q19: We had not far to dig. I had prepared a coffin large enough to hold that in which poor Newman might have been buried.
q20: We landed about a quarter of a mile below a pagoda, just built or renovated, on the point where the city wall touches the river.
q21: “I will,” answered Denise, joining in the laugh, and turning to lead Tan and her passenger back under the trees.
q22: About 9 P.M. heard the first hail; the second was followed by the report of a musket, and so repeated down the line.
q23: Although a carefully-bred child, Denise had not had much experience in conventionalities, and did not go about with a card-case in her pocket.
q24: I received the honour due to the highest rank, and was placed on a raised platform on the left of the Viceroy Li.
q25: Arrangements very pleasant. A cup of tea and slice of bread and butter on being called. Breakfast when you like at small tables.
q26: In our camp we are tolerably comfortable. My tent is pitched on a patch of ground on the edge of a hill.