The Project Gutenberg eBook of A sailor's life under four sovereigns, Volume I (of 3)
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: A sailor's life under four sovereigns, Volume I (of 3)

Author: Sir Henry Keppel

Release date: September 3, 2025 [eBook #76808]

Language: English

Original publication: London: Macmillan and Co, 1899


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A SAILOR'S LIFE UNDER FOUR SOVEREIGNS, VOLUME I (OF 3) ***





A SAILOR’S LIFE




[Illustration: MacMillan and Co. Printer’s Mark.]




[Illustration: _“There was life in the ‘small thing.’”_]




 A SAILOR’S LIFE
 UNDER
 FOUR SOVEREIGNS

 BY
 ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET
 THE HON. SIR HENRY KEPPEL
 G.C.B., D.C.L.

 VOL. I.

 London
 MACMILLAN AND CO., LIMITED
 NEW YORK: THE MACMILLAN COMPANY
 1899

 _All rights reserved_




CONTENTS


 CHAPTER I                                PAGE
 1809-1822                                   1

 CHAPTER II
 The _Tweed_, 1824                          26

 CHAPTER III
 The _Tweed_                                46

 CHAPTER IV
 The _Tweed_                                55

 CHAPTER V
 The _Tweed_                                66

 CHAPTER VI
 England                                    92

 CHAPTER VII
 The _Galatea_                             101

 CHAPTER VIII
 The _Magicienne_                          119

 CHAPTER IX
 The _Magicienne_                          127

 CHAPTER X
 The _Magicienne_                          147

 CHAPTER XI
 The _Magicienne_                          153

 CHAPTER XII
 England                                   160

 CHAPTER XIII
 The _Childers_ Brig                       165

 CHAPTER XIV
 The _Childers_ Brig                       174

 CHAPTER XV
 The Carlist Question                      184

 CHAPTER XVI
 The Carlist War                           192

 CHAPTER XVII
 The _Childers_ Brig                       198

 CHAPTER XVIII
 The _Childers_--West Coast of Africa      202

 CHAPTER XIX
 Cape Coast Castle                         217

 CHAPTER XX
 The _Childers_ Brig                       226

 CHAPTER XXI
 A Rendezvous of Cruisers                  231

 CHAPTER XXII
 England                                   246

 CHAPTER XXIII
 Shore Time                                251

 CHAPTER XXIV
 _Dido_ Corvette                           255

 CHAPTER XXV
 _Dido_--China                             269

 CHAPTER XXVI
 _Dido_--China                             277

 CHAPTER XXVII
 _Dido_--Straits of Malacca                282

 CHAPTER XXVIII
 _Dido_--Borneo                            292

 CHAPTER XXIX
 _Dido_--Borneo                            311

 CHAPTER XXX
 _Dido_--China                             322

 CHAPTER XXXI
 _Dido_--Calcutta                          331

 INDEX




ILLUSTRATIONS


              SUBJECT                       ARTIST                  PAGE
 “There was life in the ‘small         _J. W. Houghton_     Frontispiece
     thing’”
 A Successful Operation                   ”     ”                      3
 Pio Mingo                             _E. Caldwell_                   6
 Sir Francis Burdett                   _From an engraving_             8
 Sir Francis Burdett’s Carriage        _J. W. Houghton_                9
 A Compliment to Sir Francis              ”     ”                     10
 Nelson’s Chair                           ”     ”                     15
 Royal Naval College                      ”     ”                     18
 The Attack                               ”     ”                     21
 The Defence                              ”     ”                     23
 During the Examination                   ”     ”                     24
 Meeting the Captain                      ”     ”                     27
 Ship Mates                               ”     ”                     31
 Consolation                              ”     ”                     35
 Meet Lord Cochrane                       ”     ”                     37
 Arrested                                 ”     ”                     50
 Vera Cruz                             _Anon._                        62
 Holkham                               _W. H. Margetson_              67
 View from Réduit                      _Lady Colville_                78
 A Colossal Tortoise                   _J. W. Houghton_               80
 Sir Lowry Cole                        _Nina Daly_                    82
 The Device of Jonas Coaker            _Fred. T. Jane_                83
 “Keppel’s Folly”                      _E. Caldwell_                  89
 Napoleon’s Grave                      _Anon._                        90
 At St. Margaret’s                     _J. W. Houghton_               95
 Nearly Frozen                            ”     ”                     99
 The Poole Packet                      _Fred. T. Jane_               106
 The Dignity Ball                      _J. W. Houghton_              111
 Crossing Tampico Bar                  _Fred. T. Jane_               117
 An Elephant in Chase                  _E. Caldwell_                 131
 A Royal Salute                        _Fred. T. Jane_               138
 Elephants with Young at Foot,         _E. Caldwell_                 142
     Moowar Valley
 Blue-jackets in Chase                         ”                     144
 Returning from the Funeral                    ”                     151
 _Magicienne_ at Calcutta              _Fred. T. Jane_               154
 West African Natives                  _Anon._                       206
 A Factory                             _Anon._                       213
 A Slaver                              _Anon._                       227
 Hong Kong                             _Anon._                       265
 _Dido_ at Chusan                      R. B. Watson                  267
 Map of Malacca Straits and Singapore                                286
 Rajah Brooke                          _Nina Daly_                   289
 Map--Eastern Archipelago                                            292
 Map of Coast--Borneo                                                293
 _Dido_ at Sarawak                     _Anon._                       303
 A River Scene                         _From photo by Dr. Johnstone_ 320




A Sailor’s Life under Four Sovereigns




CHAPTER I

1809-1822


[Sidenote: 1809. June 14.]

The baptismal certificate announces my birth at Earl’s Court,
Kensington, on June 14, 1809.

It was only in 1820 I learnt from my sister, Mary, that three weeks
after birth I was deposited in my father’s footpan to be interred in
a garden at the back of the house, not being entitled to a berth in
consecrated ground.

That mattered little, as before the final screwing down the old nurse
discovered there was life in the “small thing.”

I was christened at Kensington. Henry, Lord Holland, became responsible
for my sins, a similar kind act having been conferred by Charles James
Fox upon my elder brother; after which I was removed to join the others
at Quidenham.

[Sidenote: 1815.]

Later on I recollect the nurse trying to frighten us by saying “Boney
was coming,” and how glad we children were when we heard of the defeat
of that hero at Waterloo; accomplished, as I then believed, by my
brother George, an Ensign in the 14th Foot!

[Sidenote: 1817.]

My dear mother died at Holkham in 1817.

[Sidenote: 1818.]

[Illustration]

At the beginning of 1818 my younger brother Tom and I were sent to
a school at Needham Market, kept by the Rev. James Wood, a short,
muscular man, wearing knee-breeches and powdered hair. A nice wife
and children; the latter played with us smaller boys. His brother, a
merchant at Lisbon, used to send cases of oranges, which were stowed
in the upper shelf of a large cupboard. When in the humour, the master
chucked them to us from a ladder singly, giving lessons in catching.

From Portugal we had two schoolfellows, Francisco Nunes Sweezer Vizeu
and Alvaro Lopes Pereira. They were kind to me, the smallest boy, and I
have never forgotten them.

While there, a young man named Long, who was training for Holy Orders,
came occasionally to read with Mr. Wood. He gave me a brass gun mounted
on wheels, and a promise of sixpence if I would fire it off during
school-time.

At my end of the table I arranged, with books, a screened battery,
with the rear open; and then, under pretence of drying my slate at the
fire, heated a wire, which was applied according to instructions. The
explosion was loud; books flew in all directions; the gun bounded over
my head and lost itself behind a row of books, where it remained until
next half.

[Illustration: _A Successful Operation._]

The master tore open his waistcoat to ascertain where he was shot, and
then seized his cane; for some minutes I dodged under the table and
over the stools, but caught it at last. I was unable to sit, and so
went to bed.

My father had in his possession a letter from the Rev. James Wood,
stating that I had fired a gun at him, and that “Mr. Thomas” had thrown
a slate at his head divested of its frame!

The following half, as the warm weather approached, I succeeded in
finding where the master kept his hair-powder, and with it mixed some
finely pounded sugar. On coming into school, the flies soon found
him, and as he got warm his head became black instead of white. This
little game exceeded my expectations, as, irritated beyond endurance,
he dismissed us from school. Among our playfellows was a Norfolk
neighbour, Edward Gurdon, who sang well and tried to teach me!

[Sidenote: 1819.]

Our sister Sophia, who married Sir James Macdonald, lived not far
from Needham. They drove over to take us to the launch of a ship at
Aldborough. On the return journey, I in the gig, driven by the coachman
following the phaeton, ran foul of a fish-cart, and broke the shaft. I
was pitched on to the back of the horse, slipped down the trace, and
found my way to the phaeton. The coachman had been taking his tea too
strong.

At the back of the schoolhouse was a gable-end, up which a pear-tree
had long before been trained. The trunk stood some six feet from the
wall; a pathway which led to the stables ran parallel, on the outer
side of which were pointed rails. On top of these, thin planks placed
edgeways, up which jasmine was trained.

One afternoon a ball with which we had been playing lodged in the
upper part of the gable-end. I succeeded in reaching the ball, when
the branch gave way, and I descended with it in one hand and the ball
in the other; the only things that partially checked my fall were
the planks. I came down impaled on the spiked rails! A messenger was
despatched to Quidenham; but there were plenty of us: nobody came.

We looked forward to our Christmas holidays. My father kept a pack of
beagles, much to our delight as well as that of our neighbours, the
Surtees and Partridges, both large families and sporting, who, with
many others, made our meets very cheery.

Hares there were in plenty. We boys had clever ponies. Mine, Pio Mingo,
was peculiar-looking--white, with black spots, bushy mane and tail;
showed a good deal of the white of her eye. The like of her might have
been found at Astley’s. Both ponies were undeniably clever at finding
their way across ditches and through fences, and generally much nearer
the hounds than pleased old Capes, the huntsman. Most of the hounds,
while running, preferred the furrows to the open plough, as did Mingo,
much to the grief of poor little Dancer, Rattler, and others.

But Mingo’s great dislike was a hat, which my elder brothers knew only
too well. One Friday morning, after a continued frost, horses and
hounds were brought out for an airing, and paraded in front of the
house. Fancying that I knew the whereabouts of my brothers, I mounted
Mingo in the stable, and was sneaking along so as to get near the
protection of led horses.

At that moment, through a villa garden gate, appeared my Waterloo
brother. He took off his hat as if to give Mingo a feed of corn. I
gripped both mane and crupper, but the rattle of the whip inside the
hat was too much. Instead of a somersault in the air, my left foot
caught in the stirrup.

[Illustration: _Pio Mingo._]

Away dashed Mingo, in among the horses, with me in tow. Inside the
house old Henley pulled down the window-blinds, that my sisters might
not see the expected end. The confusion was great; led horses got
loose. I was eventually picked up senseless on a heap of straw and
pheasant food under a tree. There was the deep cut of a horse’s tooth
across the seat of the saddle--a saddle which had been given my brother
George by the Princess Charlotte, and on which we boys had learned to
ride.

On the Monday following I was again in the saddle, with a stiffish leg
and a few bruises, but none the worse.

Most Norfolk butlers took pride in their breed of game-fowl, and old
Henley considered his second to none. The best cocks went periodically
to Newmarket, their performances watched with interest only inferior
to that of the race-horses. Carrier-pigeons, too, he bred. On one
occasion the birds, hatched from eggs brought from Newmarket, found
their way back as soon as able to fly--not more curious than a dog
carried in a hamper from Sussex to Scotland finding its way back to
Goodwood in a couple of days!

Kenninghall Fair was an event for us children. Admiral Lukin, from
Felbrig Hall, visited Quidenham at that time. He played the flute.
The march across the park with drums and fifes was imposing. Not far
from Felbrig we had another home at Lexham Hall, belonging to the
Walpole-Keppels. The whole county appeared to work together except at
election time, when Wodehouse opposed Coke.

[Sidenote: 1820.]

About this time my brother Tom and I were summoned to our father’s
dressing-room, when he informed us that it was time we selected a
profession. We both decided for the Navy. Father thought we should have
separate professions. As we disagreed, I hit Tom in the eye, which he,
being biggest, returned with interest. When we had had enough, father
decided we should both be sailors.

Similar politics, somewhat Radical, had years ago brought the families
of Coke and Keppel together, and we looked forward with pleasure to
our periodical visits to Holkham. Mr. Coke had four daughters. The
eldest died before my time; three had married peers--Andover, Rosebery,
and Anson. Lady Andover, who was early a widow, married secondly,
the good-looking and distinguished Captain Digby, who commanded the
_Africa_ at Trafalgar. Lady Anson had two handsome sons; one we called
Tom, who afterwards became Lord Lichfield. He was descended from Lord
Anson who commanded the _Centurion_ and sailed round the world. On
board was Augustus Keppel, a midshipman, afterwards Lord Keppel.

[Sidenote: George IV.]

[Illustration: _Sir Francis Burdett._]

There was a younger son, William, in the Navy, whom I met later. Eliza
Anson became Lady Waterpark, and her sister Frederica married the Earl
of Wemyss and March. Mr. Coke had a younger daughter, Elizabeth; she
likewise was charming, and managed the domestic part of the house. In
1822 she married Mr. Spencer Stanhope.

[Sidenote: 1821. July 13.]

Among Mr. Coke’s intimate friends was Sir Francis Burdett; in fact,
Holkham was the centre of the leading Whigs of the day. Sir Francis had
been liberated from prison, where he had been confined for exciting a
mob, as well as for writing a pamphlet on the trial of Queen Caroline,
on the strength of which a party assembled to meet him at Holkham.

After a sojourn there it was arranged that the party should adjourn to
Quidenham. There was great excitement throughout the country about the
trial.

Being short I was told off to go with Sir Francis, so as not to
obstruct the view of the hero. The travelling carriages of those days
were light; no box or driving-seat, splashboard only, the body hung on
C-springs; four horses and postboys.

[Illustration: _Sir Francis Burdett’s Carriage._]

At Fakenham the populace were prepared; horses were taken off, and Sir
Francis was, much to my delight, drawn through the river. The same fun
was repeated at Dereham, where we met the Duke of Sussex, changing four
posters at the King’s Arms, His Royal Highness likewise on his way to
Quidenham. We also stopped for refreshments. Outside the inn was great
cheering, and cries for “the Queen and her rights.”

After a short stay at Quidenham the party broke up, and I saw Sir
Francis start on a ride to London, calling at Euston, a journey of
nearly a hundred miles.

[Illustration: _A Compliment to Sir Francis._]

I was much with H.R.H. the Duke of Sussex, going from one country-house
to another in his travelling coach, which held an enormous amount of
luggage. Both footmen were armed; it was no uncommon thing for luggage
to be cut from the back of a travelling carriage in the vicinity of
London. Royalty paying no ’pikes, with four post-horses, and boys in
condition, we got rapidly along.

Newstead Abbey was the object of our journey. It belonged to His Royal
Highness’s equerry, Colonel Wildman, a dapper little Hussar, who had
served through the Peninsular War, and had recently bought the place of
Lord Byron. The workmen were still engaged in restoring the beautiful
Gothic building, on which the Colonel was expending £200,000. The work
was being done with taste and care; none of the traits of its former
owner had been obliterated. Side by side with the arms of Lord Byron
were carved the heraldic device of the Wildman family. Indeed, it was a
source of consolation to Lord Byron that the one spot in England dear
to him had fallen into the hands of his old friend and schoolfellow.

The famous drinking-cup, which Byron made out of a skull found in the
Abbey cloister, was mounted on a gold stand, with the famous lines
engraved; and, in accordance with the tradition of the house, when a
visitor arrived, a bottle of wine was poured into the skull, which the
guest was expected to empty.

While we were there, Mr. (afterwards Lord) Brougham arrived from an
election tour. I saw him empty his share of the claret at one draught,
and he was unusually pleasant afterwards. His younger brother, father
of the present Lord, was staying in the house at the time.

On returning to Holkham, I found the school-room was nearly full.
Not that we boys were always admitted. There were Miss Digby--so
beautiful!--and two Ansons--such dear and pretty children! Admiral
Digby had two sons; Edward was of the same age as myself, and we
established a friendship which lasted his life. He had a younger
brother, Kenelm, likewise a good fellow, thinking of the Church.

It is not my intention to attempt the biographies of many of the fine
fellows whose path I crossed, but since I commenced these souvenirs I
have had the opportunity of inspecting letters that might never have
seen daylight had I not inquired of Lord Digby, son of my lamented
friend, the number of guns his grandfather’s ship carried at Trafalgar.
The search produced the original letter, written by then Captain Digby
to his uncle, Admiral Hon. R. Digby, of Minterne, Dorset:

    [COPY]

    “‘AFRICA,’ AT SEA, OFF THE STRAITS,
    _November 1, 1805_.

    MY DEAR UNCLE,

    I write merely to say I am well, after having been closely
    engaged for six hours on the 21st of October. For details,
    being busy to the greatest degree, I have lost all my masts
    in consequence of the action, and my ship is otherwise cut to
    pieces, but sound in bottom. My killed and wounded 63, and many
    of the latter I shall lose if I do not get into port. Out of so
    many great prizes, it has pleased God that the elements should
    destroy most, perhaps to lessen the vanity of man after so
    great a victory.

    I will give you a rough sketch of the lines going into action;
    more minute it shall be hereafter.

    I beg my love to Mrs. Digby, and remain,

    Your affectionate nephew,
    (Signed)      H. DIGBY.

    [Illustration: FRENCH LINE ON LARBOARD TACK.]

(To which was added the following postscript):

    I really have no time to say more, surrounded as I am by the
    wounded men in my cabin, and in all sorts of employ, completing
    jury masts, etc., etc., and I will thank you to say so to Dr.
    Shiff and my brothers and sisters.

    The _Africa_ was, with many others, dispersed by variable
    winds, and perceiving the French signals during the night, I
    took a station at discretion, and was the means of being early
    in action the next day, engaging the van as I ran along to join
    the English Lines.

    After passing through the line, in which position I brought
    down the foremast of the _Santissima Trinidada_, mounting 140
    guns; after which I engaged, within pistol-shot, _L’Intrépide_,
    74, which afterwards struck and was burnt, _Orion_ and
    _Conqueror_ coming up.

    A little boy that stayed with me is safe. Twice on the poop
    was I left alone, all being killed or wounded. I am very deaf,
    with a sad pressure over my breast.”

I have not space to describe half the services of the gallant Digby.
In 1796 he was posted into the _Aurora_ frigate, and in less than two
years had captured six French privateers, one lettre de marque, and
one corvette, _L’Égalité_, making a total of 124 guns and 744 men,
besides forty-eight merchant ships taken or sunk. In command of the
_Leviathan_, with Commodore Duckworth, he assisted in the capture of
the island of Minorca. In command of the _Alcmene_, he captured two
French men-of-war, _Le Dépit_, 3 guns, and _La Courageuse_, 30 guns
and 270 men; also on October 17, 1799, two Spanish frigates, _Thetis_
and _Brigide_, each of 32 guns and 300 men. They contained 3,000,000
dollars, and it took fifty military waggons to convey the specie from
Plymouth Dock to the citadel. His prize-money, as stated by himself,
amounted to £57,300 before he was thirty years of age, with £6300 more
before he was thirty-six.

I read that in the beginning of 1818 the following Whigs dined together
in compliment to Mr. Coke, at Wyndham, near Quidenham: The Rev. R.
Coleman, in the chair; Bathurst, Bishop of Norwich, Lord Albemarle, Sir
Francis Burdett, Mr. R. Hammond, Lord Cochrane, Sir Thomas Beevor, Mr.
Gurney, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Lerwlie, and Admiral Lukin, at that date
rather Liberal.

A tutor from Wells was found to coach me for the Royal Naval College.
One morning, after breakfast, Mr. Coke told me to join him in his
study, directing me to sit on a certain chair, he at his desk. After
a while he called me, and said: “Now I will tell you why I put you in
that chair. Young Nelson sat there on an occasion when he came to make
his declaration for half-pay as Commander.” Nelson’s home was with
his father, the clergyman at Burnham Thorpe, about three miles from
Holkham. Mr. Coke likewise introduced young Hoste (a neighbour) to
Nelson.[1] At Holkham now there is a bedroom called “Nelson’s.”

[1] Afterwards Admiral Sir William Hoste.

[Illustration: _Nelson’s Chair._]

[Sidenote: 1822.]

Early in 1822 I was sent to my relative, William Garnier, Prebendary
of Winchester Cathedral, whose home was in the Close; but it was his
brother, the Dean, better known to us as “Uncle Tom,” to whom I was
consigned. He had a son, George, who was already at the Royal Naval
College.

[Sidenote: Feb. 8.]

It was on February 8 that I started with Uncle Tom in the Prebendary’s
family coach, drawn by four fat greys, coachman on box, boy on near
leader, pace about five miles per hour, for Gosport. On arrival I saw,
for the first time, among other vessels, three full-rigged ships of the
line, whose trucks reached at least 220 feet above the water-line. As
yet I had seen nothing larger than a collier brig alongside Wells Pier.

Uncle Tom took me in a wherry across the harbour to the dockyard,
and so to the Royal Naval College, where I soon found myself in the
presence of the Governor, Captain Loring, a warrior in uniform; as
imposing to me as the leviathans I had just seen. Professor Inman was
there--a tall man in black, with an austere countenance; but there was
that in him that I liked. How I got through the examination I forget,
but that day found me an officer in the service of King George IV.

Captain John Wentworth Loring was the son of Joshua Loring, who held
a staff appointment at Boston. At the end of the war he settled in
Berkshire. His son, born in 1785, entered the navy as midshipman on
board the _Salisbury_ in 1819. While Loring was serving in the West
Indies in command of the _Lark_ sloop, she capsized in a hurricane.
They cleverly saved themselves by cutting away masts and rigging,
and, being well battened down, the vessel righted. She was towed into
port at San Domingo to refit. Loring gained so much credit for the
expeditious manner in which he performed this duty that the Admiral,
Lord Hugh Seymour, appointed him Acting Captain of the _Syren_, 32-gun
frigate, which had lately come out from Bantry Bay in a thoroughly
demoralised and mutinous state!

While cruising off Cape François the crew refused to work, and a plan
got wind of their intention to secure their new Captain and officers,
and join the pirates, who were then to be found in most parts of the
West Indies. Loring, with his officers, took possession of the after
part of the ship; the wind being in the right direction, they steered
for port. They were three days without change of raiment. On joining
the Commander-in-Chief, Sir John Duckworth, who had succeeded Lord Hugh
Seymour, the mutineers were tried by court-martial, and six of them
hanged at the foreyard arm. Through the intercession of Loring, one of
them escaped capital punishment.

[Illustration: _Royal Naval College._]

On November 4, 1819, Captain Loring was appointed Governor of the
Royal Naval College. He was for forty-four years on the active list,
and of that time only four unemployed. In July he was made K.C.B.,
having previously been knighted by King William IV. His uniform was:
blue coat, open in front, gold epaulettes, white kerseymere waistcoat,
pantaloons to match, with Hessian boots, straight, thin sword, and
cocked hat.

Rouse was the Senior Lieutenant. This gallant old officer lost his leg
in the attack upon Prota in February, 1807, when serving under Sir John
Thomas Duckworth, and in consequence of his wound was promoted to the
rank of Lieutenant. When the wooden leg broke, he was allowed to draw
another from the dockyard joiner’s shop.

Malone, the Second Lieutenant, was a good-natured Irishman, and kind
to me because his wife was a Norfolk woman. There were two artillery
drill-sergeants and three first-rate warrant officers, a gunner,
boatswain, and carpenter, who took us round the yard in batches out of
school hours, and of whom some of us learned more than we did inside.
They illustrated in the dockyard what we had found difficult, with no
object to refer to.

There were two fine twelve-oared cutters, which the lieutenants
managed. We learned to pull as well as to steer under sail. We had, in
addition to school, French, drawing, and dancing masters, also fencing.
The French master was, I believe, an _émigré_, a Marquis de la Fort;
but of all, I think we liked Schetkey, the drawing-master, best.

Two old women used to bring baskets of grub--tarts, fruit, etc. Towards
the end of the half they gave “tick” to those whom they knew would
return.

Under the care of my good-natured kinsman, George Garnier, I got on
very well. He, however, left the end of the half, and joined the
_Delight_ brig, in which he afterwards sailed from the Cape of Good
Hope, and was never again heard of.

[Sidenote: 1823.]

Our uniform was a blue tail-coat, stand-up collar, plain raised gilt
buttons, round hat, gold-lace loop with cockade, and shoes. We cadets
had each a cabin about seven feet square, with a window, except the
corner ones, which at the monthly changes were occupied by those who
had been oftenest on the black-list, and did not require daylight.

There was an occasional launch from the dockyard; one of them was
the _Tweed_, of 28 guns, a new form not much thought of, and called
donkey-frigates. Subsequently she was christened by Miss Loring, and to
this vessel I was appointed on leaving the College.

We had a nice set of fellows. Some of them sons of distinguished
officers, among them Suckling, Pasco, Hallowell, Blackwood. On muster
or parade we were in subdivisions or companies; the best-behaved had
charge each of one of these, and wore a midshipman’s white patch
instead of a bit of braid on the collar.

The boy I looked up to was William Edmonston; he was clever, and passed
out with a first mathematical prize medal (before completing his two
years) as a midshipman in the _Sybille_, 42, Captain S. Pechell. He
was wounded in the face in a boat action against pirates near Candia.
Edmonston had the best sort of courage--brave without being rash. He
got into Parliament, but I, having been kept at sea, got ahead of him.

George King entered the College the same day as myself, and we kept
working together, although in different ships, for many years.

We cadets were not allowed outside the dockyard; the stage-coaches that
took us away were obliged to come inside the gates. We were but boys,
and provided ourselves with such missiles for mischief as we could
find in the yard--iron ringbolts, for example, which were dangerous if
thrown with precision.

Before the half was up, we drew lots for the much-coveted box-seat;
that on His Majesty’s mail on one occasion fell to me. There were
several night-coaches, but the “Nelson,” the only “six inside heavy,”
was the favourite. It carried thirteen passengers, and stopped to
refresh at Liphook. The food was bespoke a week before: in winter
beefsteaks, onions, and plum-pudding, but in summer a goose, ducks and
green peas, with onions to any extent. It often happened that the
coach left a passenger or two asleep on the rug.

[Illustration: _The Attack._]

Outside the gates there was no difficulty in obtaining pea-shooters and
other small means of annoyance. On the night when I had the box-seat,
the Royal Mail picked up and dropped boys as we came, so that it was
midnight before we reached Godalming. The postmaster having turned
in, the Mail pulled up as usual under his bedroom windows. The moment
they were opened, the postmaster and his wife were assailed with
pea-shooters and other missiles. The guard was saying “All right,” when
the postmistress, calling “There is something else,” emptied the slops
on the boys as the Mail drove off; I, having the box-seat, escaped the
odoriferous bath.

[Illustration: _The Defence._]

That gallant officer, Sir William Hoste, who commanded the _Albion_,
one of the harbour guard-ships, used to visit us during play-hours and
tip the Norfolk boys with a half-guinea each, although himself a poor
man. We were proud at being noticed by the gallant Hoste, who commanded
at the finest frigate action off Lissa, with such men as James Gordon
Phipps Hornby, Whitby, and others with whom I subsequently became
intimately acquainted. There was also a young fellow, Lieutenant the
Hon. William Anson, belonging to the _Tribune_, 42-gun frigate, who
used to come and see me and chat about Holkham. Adjoining the Naval
College was the house of the President-Commissioner, Captain Hon. Sir
George Grey, brother of the Premier.

His nephew George and I became great friends: he joined the service,
but not through the College.

While at the College we had repeated visits from those who had
previously left, and who put us up to the orgies that went on in the
hulks alongside the ships to which they belonged. I did not fail to
remember this when my turn came.

My brother Tom joined on December 5, so that when we returned in
January, 1824, from the Christmas holidays, we had only been two months
together.

Among the friends I made at College were Hallowell, Suckling, Francis
Blackwood, all more or less connected with Nelson.

[Sidenote: 1824.]

I went up with others for examination, but failed to get full numbers
on account of having in my possession a penny handkerchief, given me
by one of my late playfellows, on which was printed an outline of a
map of the coast of England. Now, the geographical master, who was
short-sighted, always read with his nose close to the paper. Through a
sheet of foolscap he had pierced a hole with a pin, and before I could
blow my nose he was down on me like a hawk. The consequence was that
on February 7, 1824, I was appointed to His Majesty’s ship _Tweed_,
Captain F. Hunn, half-brother to Mr. Canning, with one year ten months
two weeks and two days’ time, instead of two complete years of service.

[Illustration: _During the Examination._]

Uncle Tom Garnier kindly undertook to give directions for my outfit,
and for a while my valuable services were dispensed with.




CHAPTER II

THE _TWEED_, 1824


[Sidenote: 1824. Feb.]

Having paid many parting visits, I returned to Portsmouth, and,
dismounting from the “Regulator” coach, went straight to the
outfitters’ and was soon in uniform. What I thought most of was a
small dirk suspended from my waist. Having viewed myself in various
positions, I sallied forth.

From mids who revisited the College I learnt the sort of fun that went
on in the refitting hulks. I was not so green as I looked. Instead of
reporting myself on board the _Topaze_, I ascertained that Captain Hunn
lived with wife and family at No. 15 Jubilee Terrace, Southsea. The
time being that when he would be going to dinner, although dusk, I took
up a position on the south side of the sallyport bridge.

Presently I saw a blue boat-cloak, surmounted by a gold-laced cocked
hat, and a sword protruding. I stepped on one side and saluted.

“Who are you, youngster? and what’s your name?”

I soon squeaked out that I belonged to His Majesty’s ship _Tweed_, just
returned from leave, and was going to report myself. Name Keppel.

“Come along with me.”

I was shortly ushered out of the cold into the presence of Mrs. Hunn
and two charming young ladies in a warm drawing-room, and dinner ready.
Never was such good fortune! Never was I so hungry!

[Illustration: _Meeting the Captain._]

The coxswain was sent for my clothes, a bed made up on the sofa. The
next day I was installed “gig’s midshipman.” Rather a good beginning,
which I fully appreciated.

I did not trouble myself about the fitting out. Just before starting
we were supplied with a proportion of smugglers, whose penalty for
defrauding His Majesty was to serve before the mast on board a
man-of-war. They were equal to our best seamen.

We sailed from Portsmouth on April 12, Mrs. Hunn and my playfellows
with us. We saluted the flag of our Commander-in-Chief, Admiral Sir
James Hawkins Whitshed, and anchored at Spithead, which we left on
18th, anchoring successively at Cowes, Yarmouth Roads, and Plymouth
Sound, saluting the flag of the Hon. A. J. Cochrane.

Among the frequent anchorings and departures I learnt some of the
various duties expected of officers of my particular rank. One of these
was to hold a dip in the tier while the great hempen cable attached to
the anchor was being hove in, and stowed by quartermasters below the
reach of daylight. It was a neat piece of seamanship, on which the best
and the least experienced of petty officers were employed. The tier
was a large oblong space. The end of the working cable was secured in
the bottom of the ship, frequently round the heel of the mainmast. To
heave in the cable with anchor attached required a “messenger” without
an end. This was a small cable of proper proportions passed round the
capstan and forebits, so that one side ran parallel to the cable, to
which it was secured by nippers that held it until near the hatchway
above the cable tier.

As the nippers were taken off, boys were stationed to carry them
forward to be reapplied; the capstan bars were manned by marines and
seamen not stationed aloft. We youngsters had to hold the dips to
enable the petty officers to see that each bend was closely packed,
the centre, where they worked, being clear. The coil in the tier not
exceeding three or four feet, according to size and space, we had to
jump smartly with our dips on the words, “Side out for a bend.” The
expression was used long after chain cables were introduced. “Purser’s
dip” was a strip of cotton soaked in tallow until it grew into a young
candle.

Bumboats were the delight of us youngsters. If one wanted to enjoy a
pot of clotted cream, the best way was to carry it aloft, taking a foot
of pigtail to propitiate the captain of the top.

[Sidenote: May 2.]

We left Plymouth on May 2, and following day came to in Carrick Roads
at Falmouth. Mails to most parts of the world were carried from here
in men-of-war, chiefly brigs, commanded by senior lieutenants, and a
few by distinguished old warrant officers.

There were thirty-six of these vessels, some with high-sounding names,
such as _Prince Regent_, _Duke of Marlborough_ as well as of _York_,
two _Dukes of Kent_, _Ladies Wellington_, _Queensberry_, _Mary Pelham_,
etc. They were all in first-rate order.

In the important town of Falmouth the Commanders had a society
peculiarly their own, ladies taking precedence according to the
seniority of their husbands on the Navy List--luckily, not that of the
names of the ships their husbands commanded. _Of course, there was no
quarrelling among the grass-widows._ We were here four days.

[Sidenote: May 10.]

Arrived in the magnificent Cork Harbour, we saluted the flag
of Rear-Admiral of the White, the Right Hon. Lord Colville,
Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty’s ships in Ireland. There was a
great deal of smuggling all round the coast, and some of our smartest
cruisers employed. Among the most fortunate was the _Gannet_, 18; she
went by the name of the _“Golden” Gannet_.

The Admiral was tall and imposing-looking; as gig’s midshipman I had
many opportunities of seeing him. He paid almost daily state visits
from his residence in the Cove of Cork to the dockyard on Haulbowline
Island, dressed in full uniform. He wore his cocked hat athwartships,
gold epaulettes, white pantaloons and Hessian boots. On his stepping
into the state barge, the coxswain, standing up behind him, piped the
time for each solemn stroke of the oars; the yards of the flagship were
manned, while the marines, ranged across the poop, presented arms. The
distance was short, but I thought the ceremony grand.

_Semiramis_ was an old 42-gun frigate. Being light, and floating high
out of the water, she was painted with two tiers of ports, and had the
appearance of a ship of the line suitable to the flag she had to carry.
No merchant ship trading between Cork or any port would attempt to pass
without lowering her upper sails.

Before leaving, the _Pylades_, 18, Commander Fead, arrived with
a smuggling lugger, a beautiful vessel with a crew of over fifty
fine-looking men. The Commander-in-Chief while on the station made
nearly £9000 prize-money, his share being one-eighth, after expenses
paid. Mr. Dunsterville had charge of Haulbowline, with a charming wife
and family. A nice boy joined us as mid, deliciously Irish. With them I
made excursions to Cork, and I enjoyed a lunch at the same time at the
mess of the 13th Hussars.

We sailed from Cork on the 25th, and got into the wide and open sea,
when I saw, for the first time, the horizon of blue water all round.
I now came in contact with those who were my messmates, among them a
number of masters’ mates, whom the Admiralty did not promote, but gave
them the option of serving on.[2] The duties of these elderly gentlemen
were mostly nominal; they were styled mates of the hold or of stores,
etc. They seldom appeared on deck except on Sundays, when they took
their week’s exercise. Their uniform was a blue coat, in shape like our
now plain evening-dress, anchor buttons and a small white cord edging,
white pantaloons, Hessian boots, cocked hat, and sword.

[2] Navy List of date records 3786 lieutenants in service.

[Illustration: _Ship Mates._]

It was considered a compliment to be spoken to by them. I was favoured
by being asked if I had not come to sea to avenge the death of Nelson.
Others were anxious to know if my mother cried when I left home. Down
in the midshipmen’s berth they reigned supreme; spoke very little
before grog-time; then a fork was stuck in the beam, a signal for us
youngsters to scuttle out as fast as we could.

A servant was told off to look after me. I forgot his name, and asked
one of my aged shipmates; word was passed along the lower deck for
“Cheeks,” the marine.

There was no place for midshipmen’s stores, except the lockers on which
we sat. Each of us was supposed to bring two table-cloths; one lasted
a week, when the steward--his name Edward Low, but called “Tommie
Plenty”--took possession of it to wipe knives, forks, cups, and spoons.
It smelt before the next was due. We had no candlesticks. Dips obtained
from the purser were stuck in bottles supported by forks fixed where
the planks of the table had shrunk. One morning, when “Tommie” was
holystoning under the table, the point of a fork lifted his scalp.
While he was on the sick-list we youngsters had to do cooking, etc.

I often confirmed Marryat’s story of the mid running along the
main-deck with a tureen of pea-soup, calling “Scaldings!” to clear the
way.

One of our old mates had served in a fast-cruising frigate, when, owing
to the number of prizes taken, officers being sent away in charge, the
duties fell heavily on those remaining. Our messmate had to keep watch
and watch. At last his turn came. On taking charge of the prize, the
frigate having made sail, he sent for the petty officer, a gunner in
charge of the prize crew, and told him to steer north-east and call
him in three weeks.

[Sidenote: June 5.]

On June 5 we arrived at Madeira, at which enjoyable place we remained
eight days. Here our Captain, his wife, children, and gig’s midshipman
were entertained by the kindest of merchants, Mr. and Mrs. Bean, as
well as by Mr. Gordon, a partner. Markets were full of fruits of all
sorts--oranges, mountain strawberries, grapes, and bananas; ponies,
donkeys, picnics, etc.; who would not be a midshipman? We appeared
to be welcome everywhere. The troops and music I enjoyed, but,
what appeared curious--drill orders to the soldiers were given in
English--remnants of Peninsular!

[Sidenote: June 21.]

Our next stopping-place was St. Jago, one of the Cape de Verds. It
was dull after bright Madeira. Markets were full of tropical fruits,
monkeys, parrots, yams, and other vegetables, ground-nuts, etc. We
remained one whole day.

Of my next visit I retain some painful remembrances, but enough for the
day is the evil thereof.

We were now far within the tropics--flying-fish, porpoises, dolphin
seldom out of sight; besides, I thought of that terrible “Line” of
which I had heard so much.

[Sidenote: July 4.]

At 8 P.M. a light ahead was reported. We hove to. The sea-god Neptune
came over the bows and reported to our captain his intention of paying
a visit of welcome to all those who had not previously come within the
tropics. He brought with him his secretaries, who inscribed the names
of all first visitors. One old marine got off by stating he had served
in the Peninsula!

Soon after I observed a lighted tar-cask floating astern, and hoped
that “His Majesty” was burning in it. The next morning he boarded and
took possession, and found plenty of brutal followers to help him and
all concerned in his disagreeable duties.

I was seized by one of his greasy constables and conducted I knew not
where, and seated on something which felt like a capstan-bar. My face
was plastered with a mixture of tar and dirt, and scraped off with
a jagged piece of iron representing a razor; then, tipped backwards
into what I thought was overboard, I felt myself in the grip of other
brutes representing Neptune’s bears, who held me till I had swallowed a
sufficient portion of the filthy bath. I was then free for life to join
any future orgie.

The ducking-pond was formed by a sail secured at the corners to the
combings, the centre lowered on to the main-deck, and filled from the
wash-deck pump. On the stern of one of the boom-boats, overlooking the
proceedings, was Neptune with Amphitrite by his side, on whose knee
sat a promising young cub, son of the sail-maker; allowed on board by
special permission before leaving England, apparently looking forward
to superintending similar operations. I found my way into the Captain’s
after-cabin, where my playfellows gave me a biscuit with jam and a
little something to wash it down.

[Illustration: _Consolation._]

[Sidenote: July 17.]

We made Cape Frio July 17: then, squalls for a couple of days. Two
days after we made our number to the _Spartiate_ bearing the flag of
Rear-Admiral Sir George Eyre. The atmosphere was so clear that we could
distinctly make out the affirmative when the head of the topgallant
sails only could be seen above the horizon--a distance of fifteen miles.

[Sidenote: July 19.]

We brought the sea-breeze up with us, saluted, and followed the flag
into the magnificent harbour of Rio de Janeiro, and came to an
anchor. There I saw for the first time the white flag of France flying
on board the _Jean Bart_, 74, also the Stars and Stripes of the United
States on board the _Franklin_, 74. After the Brazilian national flag
we saluted that of Lord Cochrane, on board the _Don Pedro_, as High
Admiral of the Brazilian Navy, with 19 guns.

[Sidenote: July 24.]

I saw that gallant and extraordinary, but ill-used man, Lord Cochrane,
who came on board to return Captain Hunn’s visit. He was at this time,
in the estimation of the Old World and the New, the greatest man
afloat. He was tall and thin, of powerful build, with close-cut red
hair.

[Illustration: _Meet Lord Cochrane._]

I indeed felt proud when, on my Captain’s presenting, he shook me by
the hand. One of the last books I had read at the Naval College was his
action in the _Speedy_ sloop of 14 guns, with a crew of 54 men, when
he captured the Spanish frigate _El Gamo_, Captain de Torres. It was
on this occasion that Cochrane admitted he had nearly caught a Tartar.
While cruising off the coast of Spain, he saw what he took to be a
large merchant ship. On drawing near, she opened her hitherto disguised
ports, and disclosed the broadside guns of a frigate. Without going
into further details, she was carried by boarding. There were killed
on board the _El Gamo_ the Captain and 13 seamen, and 41 wounded,
exceeding in number the whole of the officers and crew of the _Speedy_.
The second in command of the _El Gamo_ succeeded in obtaining from
Cochrane a certificate stating that he had fought his ship like a true
Spaniard.

Captain Hunn took a house at Boto Fogo, one of those beautiful inlets
in the harbour facing the Sugar-loaf, about three miles from the town.
I was again kindly included in the family party. The principal
Portuguese and most of the English merchants had residences there.

[Sidenote: Aug. 2.]

At midnight a salute of 101 guns was fired from the batteries in honour
of the birth of a Prince and future Emperor. The salute was repeated at
daylight, noon (when we joined), sunset, and midnight.

Lord Cochrane had sailed with his fleet: an embargo was laid on all
ships for three weeks. Picnics and every sort of amusement went on.

[Sidenote: Aug. 8.]

The embargo being removed, we sailed with the early breeze in company
with some 500 sail of all nations. The show of white canvas was a
beautiful sight. When outside and in the open we spread out like a fan.

Arrived off Bahia--Bahia de los Todos Santos (Bay of All
Saints)--perfectly sheltered and capable of holding the fleets of
all nations. Cochrane had been before us, and the Brazilian flag had
replaced that of Portugal. We anchored on the west side of the bay, off
the city of San Salvador.

It appears that in June, about three months back, Lord Cochrane, with
the Brazilian squadron, consisting of the _Don Pedro_, 74, and three
frigates, manned, with the exception of 170 English seamen he had in
his flagship, by natives, appeared off this place, which was then in
possession of the Portuguese Government.

He had no sooner made the entrance than he discovered the enemy’s fleet
of thirteen sail standing out to prevent the threatened blockade.
Cochrane formed his line-of-battle, and immediately bore down and put
his enemy to flight. Nothing occurred beyond the hammering some of them
got, but it led to the establishment of the blockade of their port.

In the meantime Cochrane had prepared fireships. One dark night he
stood in in his flagship alone to reconnoitre. On being hailed, he
replied that it was an English ship. However, the consternation was
great when it was announced to the Portuguese Admiral and officers, who
were then at a ball, that Lord Cochrane’s fleet was in their midst.

A panic was established: the evacuation of San Salvador determined, and
on July 1 a Junta was formed to carry on the Government in the name of
the Brazilian Empire.

[Sidenote: Aug. 22.]

We found trade going on in the same way as I suppose it had been under
the Portuguese flag. It made but little difference to the unfortunate
slaves as to the colour of the bunting that flew over them; although
most of the Portuguese merchants were in favour of the mother-country.

The new Imperial troops were not much, although they exhibited on their
shakos “Libertad o Muerte.”

One afternoon the Captain ordered me to take a despatch on board the
_Tweed_ to the commanding officer. On going towards the landing-place I
met Nightingale, the coxswain, who informed me that he was not allowed
to pass the guard. On my remonstrating with the officer, who I noticed
was not the same who was on guard when I landed, I showed him the back
of the letter, which appeared to make matters worse. Now, I believed
myself to be in charge of a despatch of importance.

Having, on landing, noticed that the muskets in the racks at the
guard-house were beautifully polished; and thinking them more fit to
look at than for use, I told old Nightingale to be ready for a rush.
The crew were up to the occasion, and before a musket could be got
at, the sentry was on his back, and we were all in the boat, with
the exception of Harrison, a coloured bowman who had a slight bayonet
scratch on the back of his neck, being slow in casting off the painter.

After a while a few musket-balls dropped in the water short of the gig.
Of course there was a row, but I think it was our Consul who explained
that the Brazilian officer was wrong in attempting to stop a British
officer in uniform, however small. Nothing satisfactory to either party
was arranged.

We left Bahia on the 17th, and arrived at the open and exposed
anchorage of Pernambuco on August 23. We found Lord Cochrane had
arrived with his squadron on the 18th.

The “Patriots,” as they called themselves, had not been idle. Count
Manuel Carvalho Pas de Andrade had been elected President: he had
already denounced Don Pedro as a traitor, and was endeavouring to
excite the neighbouring provinces to form themselves into a federation
on the model of the United States, under the title of “Confederação del
Ecuador.”

A few days after our arrival Lord Cochrane came on board the _Tweed_,
but I do not think there was much cordiality between him and our
Captain. An attempt at arrangement by correspondence having failed,
Lord Cochrane threatened to bombard the city.

The shoal-water and exposed anchorage would not admit of the fleet
going in, but on the night of August 27 I witnessed the pretty
effect of mortar shells flying between the small craft and the forts
protecting the town. The damage done was not, however, much on either
side.

The following day we were disappointed at seeing Lord Cochrane sail for
Bahia, which he did to get wood for rafts and to procure vessels of
light draught, capable of carrying mortars. He left a portion of his
fleet behind to continue the blockade. The Brazilian General, Lima,
who had been landed with his troops about seventy miles distant at a
place called Alagoas, hearing of the panic established, pushed on for
Pernambuco, where he arrived on September 11, and, assisted by the
blockading squadron, made an attack on the town.

President Carvalho retreated to the suburbs, which were protected by
an inlet of the sea, and, having broken down the bridge, prepared to
defend himself. However, his heart failed him, for during my middle
watch the following night a catamaran came alongside with the would-be
President fully accoutred, just as he had left the fight, having come
to claim the protection of the British flag!

All the next and two following days the fight was kept up with much
spirit, the place being gallantly defended while the “brave” Count
Carvalho looked on from the deck of the _Tweed_. We were so near that
on one occasion a shot fired at one of the blockading squadron passed
over our mastheads.

On September 13 _Brazen_, 20, Captain W. Willes, arrived from the
coast of Africa. In running for the anchorage whilst hostilities were
going on, her English ensign was taken for a ruse on the part of Lord
Cochrane’s squadron, and she was fired into, two round shots taking
effect. One cut away the hammock netting and tore up part of the
quarter-deck. Luckily no one was hurt.

When Lord Cochrane returned to Pernambuco, he found Lima in possession.
He then sent an officer on board the _Tweed_ to request that the
“rebel” and “traitor” Carvalho might be given up.

Three days later the Brazilian fleet and forts fired a royal salute in
honour of the victory, in which, in obedience to an order signalled by
the Captain of the _Brazen_, we joined.

[Sidenote: Sept. 21.]

Carvalho embarked on board the _Brazen_, and, much to our disgust,
under a salute. I had to part with my two little playfellows, who, with
Mrs. Hunn, also went home in her.

Directly the _Brazen_ loosed sails, the Brazilian fleet did likewise,
and, seeing this, our Captain interpreted it (or pretended to) as
a device on the part of Lord Cochrane to take Carvalho out of the
_Brazen_ by force, and we also prepared to weigh and clear for action.
However, it all ended without smoke.

[Sidenote: Sept. 22.]

We sailed on September 22, not sorry to get away. We had been six
weeks rolling--at times, our main-deck ports in the water; holding no
communication with the shore, and, with the exception of the fighting
in which, as we would take no part, there was little to excite interest.

We youngsters amused ourselves, meanwhile, fishing, which we could
only venture to do at night, and then out of the mizen-chains, hid by
quarter-boats.

One day, when I was sitting in the gig astern of the ship, a school
of whales came into the bay, like so many frolicsome porpoises; and
so near did they come that I found my way to the ship’s deck up the
Jacob’s ladder.

[Sidenote: Oct. 2.]

We left Pernambuco on our return to Rio, where we arrived October 2.
This was a jolly place for us mids. There is no nicer harbour for
boat excursions, rides, picnics, etc., fun, in which we joined those
of other ships. One of our lieutenants, Pat Blake, was a favourite
with us. There were lively fellows in the squadron, one of whom, named
Hathorn, was lent to us from the flagship.

[Sidenote: Oct. 14.]

Early in the morning, it being calm, we were towed out of the harbour
by boats, on which events those of the foreign men-of-war always
assisted.

[Sidenote: Oct. 24.]

On the 24th we came to in Maldanado Roads, an interesting place. The
only thing that struck me as odd was, if you made a purchase which cost
less than a dollar, they chopped that coin in pieces to give you change.

We sailed the following day, and arrived at Rio de la Plata, a large
muddy river, unworthy of the name--porpoises and seal in plenty. I had
many rifle shots at the round head of the latter, with their large
bright black eyes; but they were too quick for me.

Horses were in plenty. If you hired one for a ride, the owner bargained
that in case it died you must bring back the shoes--they only shod the
forefeet. It was a wild and open country; everyone appeared mounted as
well as carrying a lasso, which would bring you to the ground with more
certainty than a pistol-shot. We never ventured alone, but took long
rides into the country.

[Sidenote: Oct. 29.]

We sailed from the River Plate, and got back to Rio October 29. Found
_Aurora_, _Blonde_, and _Jaseur_. _Blonde_ a beautiful 48-gun frigate,
Captain Lord Byron, who had on board the bodies of the late King and
Queen of the Sandwich Islands, who had fallen victims to the measles
while on a visit to England.

There was in the Rua de Rita, over a shop-door, a large gilded metal
cock that had for years resisted the attempts of the midshipmen of the
British fleet; it was not strong nor heavy, but placed out of reach.
There were watchmen about, as it had been often in danger, and it was
for the benefit of the bird that Jack Hathorn got lent to the _Tweed_,
bound for the River Plate, that he might find a suitable lasso.

Days, or rather nights, passed without an opportunity: rain did not
fall heavy enough; the moon would peep out. At length a storm, that
had been threatening the early part of the night, broke with great
violence. It was as dark as pitch. Cocoanut-oil lamps put themselves
out; heavy stones that we carried through the dark were thrown down
with a yell, unheeded by the guardians of the night; while Jack
Hathorn and a chosen few, with his Monte Video lasso as well as a
properly-prepared instrument, loosened the claws of the noble bird,
which alighted in a downpour of rain on a pile of midshipmen’s cloaks,
and was borne off.

The sentry at the guard-house, under shelter of his box, did not
trouble himself to ascertain how drunk was the comrade being conveyed
to the boat which had been so long waiting. How sorry I was that my
diminutive size prevented my having shared in this triumph! I hear the
bird may now be seen in the hall of the Hathorn family at Castle-Wigg,
in Wigtonshire, with a scroll in its beak describing the above.

[Sidenote: Dec. 16.]

Accidents will happen in the best regulated families. More than two
courts-martial took place during our stay at Rio; but my friend
Lieutenant Blake was acquitted and discharged into the _Aurora_, which
ship was towed out of harbour, and sailed for England, December 16.

As gig’s midshipman, I was much on shore; and, waiting for the Captain,
amused myself in the extensive market, furnished as it was with every
tropical fruit and flower. But my favourite amusement was to watch the
monkeys, from the beautiful little marmoset to the more mischievous
green species. One of these usually wiped his hands on my white
trousers. Although not allowed, the evening before we sailed I smuggled
my little friend on board in the Captain’s cloak-bag, and stowed him in
the scuttle of the midshipmen’s berth.

[Sidenote: Dec. 25.]

On Christmas Day we got our usual tow out of the harbour, and made sail
for England. Two days later we unbent cables and stowed anchors.

After a while it came to my turn to dine with the Captain. One of my
facetious messmates thought it good fun to give my little prisoner a
run. By instinct he made his way to the Captain’s cabin. Seated on the
deck, surveying the apartment, the Captain spotted him, and ordered the
sentry to throw the beast overboard. On the first move of the marine,
the monkey with a bound was on my shoulder, his little hands clasped
round my forehead, chattering and grinning; there being no mistake as
to the owner. I suppose the Captain was moved by the affection of the
little fellow. We were dismissed.

Nothing of importance occurred during our long voyage. On February 26
made the Lizard at daylight and bent cables. We had a chain-cable,
which was only used once; but every month we had to rouse the thing on
deck and knock the shackling-bolts out, in order to anoint them with
some white mixture.

[Sidenote: 1825. Feb. 27.]

We ran through the Needles, saluted flag, and came to at Spithead.




CHAPTER III

THE _TWEED_


[Sidenote: 1825. Feb. 28.]

The _Tweed_ at Spithead became one of the Channel Squadron, and
commenced refit.

First visit was to my brother Tom at the College. Landing in
the dockyard, our shortest route lay through the lower-mast and
boat-houses. In the latter we found one of our masters’ mates returning
condemned, and drawing new stores. He, too, wanted to see my brother;
so, leaving the stores to the care of the warrant officer, he joined us.

I must attempt to describe this good-tempered salt, Peter Dobree by
name. He was from Guernsey. Although not too young, he was the junior
of our masters’ mates; and had a shock head of red hair which protruded
from under his hat. I was told that, when on board the hulk during
our outfit, if he saw a child about the deck unprotected, he would
imitate its cry and a dog’s snarl so closely that half the wives would
rush to the rescue. It did not matter how often he repeated the joke,
the effect was the same. When he got leave to go on shore late in the
evening, he scorned the use of a boat; he would jump overboard and
swim to the logs--this, too, in the winter months. He kept a change of
raiment at the “Keppel’s Head.”

Dobree followed us to the College, where I found Tom. It was winter;
we could only make a short tour. Dobree, passing the area near Dr.
Inman’s, espied a large round dish of setting cream. He was down the
steps and his mouth in the cream, when the dairymaid pushed his head
in, to which the cream adhered. It was just closing time as he escaped
through the storehouse doors.

[Sidenote: Mar. 3.]

I started by mail with my monkey, and the following evening was at
Quidenham. Jacko appeared to take possession. The excitement he caused
was great. At first he would not trust himself out of my reach, but
was only too much at home afterwards. The ship was again wanted for
service. I had not time to visit my sister Anne, who had in February
1822 married Mr. Coke.

[Sidenote: Mar. 8.]

I was much vexed, when I got back, to find that some good-natured
messmate had on Sunday afternoon given my brother at the College a
small bottle of first-rate Jamaica. Now Tom’s position in the ranks at
prayers was, unfortunately, just in front of the Governor. During the
short service the poor boy lost his balance, and prostrated himself on
the floor. The next morning in the cupola he ascertained what a birch
administered by a Blue Marine sergeant was like.

[Sidenote: Mar. 21.]

We sailed in company with a small experimental squadron. Got as far
as Lymington and back, through Spithead to off Dover, Dungeness, and
Downs. In the latter anchorage lay the _Ramillies_, 74.

In addition to her Captain and officers, she had 103 lieutenants and
33 assistants borne for coastguard service. She was a show ship, and
for the convenience of ladies getting on board had a large cask fitted
with a seat. On the bottom, outside, was painted a clown’s grinning
face, which made people laugh, while the occupant in mid-air believed
her little ankles were being seen.

[Sidenote: Mar. 27.]

We were ordered to Harwich, where we embarked Rear-Admiral Plampin,
and saluted him with 13 guns. It was the end of the week before we had
embarked suite and luggage and sailed.

[Sidenote: April 1.]

Still no hurry, and, with occasional anchorings it was April 1 before
we reached Cork to assume the command in place of Lord Colville, who
had sailed in the _Semiramis_, which ship returned on May 7 without his
lordship, when we transferred our flag.

We were glad to get back among our kind and hospitable friends.

We had, however, a visit from a pedlar, whose wares were various. He
was rash enough to venture on the lower deck of a man-of-war, whose
inhabitants were mixed. Now, Dobree, who, I suppose, had got tired of
snuffing the purser’s dips with his fingers, invested in a pair of
plated snuffers.

Unluckily, before the pedlar had cleared out, and on the third time of
asking, the plating came off the snuffers. The pedlar bolted, and his
box followed, the contents dispersed in front of the marines’ mess.
Luckily they spread no further and were recovered.

I believe I was the only loser, inasmuch as the pedlar lodged a
complaint with the kind and good Mrs. Dunsterville. The pedlar knew no
names, he could only describe his enemy as the “foxy-headed gintleman.”
As I was the only “gintleman” with red hair Mrs. Dunsterville knew, my
invitations to that cheery establishment ceased, and her son John, my
messmate, never came on board if he knew of it.

[Sidenote: May 8.]

We left Cork, and arrived at Portsmouth on the 12th.

[Sidenote: May 17.]

Captain going away, and as there would be no particular service for
gig’s midshipman, I got him to endorse a cheque on Woodhead and Co. for
£5, and obtained the usual leave from the First Lieutenant to go on
shore.

With a small bag I took up my quarters at the “Keppel’s Head,”
intending to enjoy myself.

On the afternoon of the _third_ day, before returning on board, I was
taking a parting cup of tea with Mrs. Harrison, the landlady, when the
sergeant of marines from the _Tweed_, trailing a halbert, for which
there was no room, put his head in, without taking his shako off,
stated that I was his prisoner, and withdrew.

[Illustration: _Arrested._]

The back window of the parlour opened into Havant Street, by which
I found my way with the small bag to the “Hard,” where my faithful
water-man, James Sly, instead of taking me on board the _Tweed_,
conveyed me to Ryde Pier.

[Sidenote: May 24.]

I knew some of the good fellows of the 60th Rifles, Colonel A. Ellis,
quartered at Newport. After a few days’ enjoyment, money expended, I
returned to the _Tweed_, without the help of the sergeant. Of course I
was put under arrest.

[Sidenote: June 25.]

Sailed from Spithead on a cruise to the eastward, reaching Sheerness
the following day, which we left and anchored off Boulogne.

[Sidenote: July 1.]

The Duke of Northumberland and suite having been to attend the
coronation of Charles Dix, on His Grace’s re-embarking on board the
_Lightning_, we fired a salute of 19 guns, which we, as well as the
_Brazen_, 28, Captain Willes, repeated on His Excellency’s landing at
Dover.

[Sidenote: July 12.]

We returned to the Nore and remained until 12th, when we started on a
pleasant summer cruise along the east coast.

[Sidenote: July 15.]

Exchanged numbers with the _Glasgow_, Captain Hon. J. A. Maude, a
50-gun frigate under sail. No prettier sight! She had fitted out at
Deptford. We anchored in Yarmouth Roads. The east coast was seldom
frequented by anything larger than a revenue cruiser.

[Sidenote: Yarmouth, July 19.]

We were crowded with visitors. I had some kind Wilson cousins. One day,
when they were not on board, I selected two pretty young women to show
round. My dignity was hurt; when I helped them into their boat they
offered me sixpence, my uniform having been taken for livery, but not
liking to hurt their feelings I pocketed the coin.

Fired royal salute, His Majesty’s birthday. We sailed from Yarmouth;
22nd, anchored off Grimsby; next day joined party to Hull; the pilot of
the packet we were in sounded his way with a pole.

[Sidenote: July 31.]

Visited Scarborough, a very different place, but did not stay long,
Captain thinking anchorage exposed.

[Sidenote: Aug. 4.]

Off the Dogger Bank we caught a lot of cod-fish. On August 4 we came
into Peggy’s Hole, North Shields.

[Sidenote: Aug. 8.]

Sent an officer and party to Sunderland to quell small disturbance.
In four days they returned, and we sailed for Leith Roads. We really
enjoyed Edinburgh.

[Sidenote: Aug. 18.]

The _Parthian_, 10, Commander Hon. George Barrington, arrived. Next day
we sailed, getting back to Spithead on 28th.

The worst of belonging to the Channel Fleet, you were never safe to
go any distance; but we had many kind friends in the neighbourhood.
One of my brother mids was Charles Patterson, the son of an Admiral,
who lived at Cosham. He was a friend of my Captain, and I often stayed
with him. The old gentleman was kindness itself, with no end of good
stories. He swore a good deal, but only at himself: his heart, or
liver, etc.

The latter part of his service as Captain was as Governor of Porchester
Castle, which was, and will always be, a most interesting ruin. Built
by the Romans, in the fourteenth century it was used by King John as a
State prison.

At the period of the Revolutionary wars it held French prisoners, and
Dutch sailors taken at the battle of Camperdown.

The Admiral had a pretty daughter, with whom we midshipmen were in
love. Mrs. Patterson was so kind to us. She was a wonderful horsewoman.
I never saw the Admiral in any other costume by day than yellow
leathers and mahogany tops. Miss Patterson had a collection of animals
carved by the prisoners out of their meat-bones. I have some of them
now.

[Sidenote: Portsmouth, Sept. 14.]

We got notice to receive on board Bishop Inglis and family for Nova
Scotia.

While at the Naval College I had watched with interest the building of
the _Princess Charlotte_, not only on account of her grand proportions,
but there were associations connecting the name of that fair Princess
with our family, my grandmother, Lady de Clifford, having been
governess to Her Royal Highness.

In those days a ship of the line frequently remained ten or twelve
years on the stocks. To stand on the keel near the sternpost and look
forward, at a time before beams or planking of any sort had been
placed, and to reflect that 800 full-grown oak-trees had been expended
in her construction, made you lost in wonder. The _Princess Charlotte_
was laid down in 1812, and was to carry 120 guns and have a round
stern: an innovation in those days on the present square old _Victory_.

Thursday, September 13, was the day fixed for the launch, ushered in
by a royal salute, announcing the arrival of Leopold, Crown Prince of
Belgium, who was to christen her.

Being anxious for a good place, I landed early from the _Tweed_.
Climbing to the top of a building-shed I commanded a fine view.
Spectators assembled in thousands.

As large ships were only launched on the top of spring tides, a larger
quantity of water than usual had been admitted into the floating-basin.

When the moment arrived the great ship started, and the lock of the
dry-dock burst. On the one hand I saw the huge ship majestically
sliding into the harbour; while on the other, hundreds of human beings
were being precipitated into the dry-dock by the bursting of the lock
and breaking of the bridge, which was crowded.

Some of those who were in the centre were carried the whole length of
the dock and managed to escape.

Full particulars may be found in the _Hampshire Telegraph_, September
13, 1825.

[Sidenote: Sept. 28.]

Having embarked the Very Rev. J. Inglis, Bishop of Nova Scotia, Mrs.
Inglis, and two tall, handsome daughters, we sailed for Halifax. The
summer was over, and we had no time to lose, as we hoped to escape
being frozen in for the winter in Canada.

Things generally go on smoothly while ladies are on board. However, we
were detained two days at Cowes and ten at Falmouth.

[Sidenote: Oct. 21.]

We anchored in Fayal Roads on 21st until 23rd, when we again sailed
into more bad weather.

[Sidenote: Halifax, N. S. Nov. 7.]

It was the 7th before we reached Halifax. How thankful our poor
passengers must have been! We saluted the flag of Rear-Admiral W. T.
Lake; afterwards landed our good Bishop under salute of 13 guns.

The Bishop and family did all they could to make our short stay
pleasant, particularly to us youngsters. A ball was given, at which I
was too shy to dance with one of the tall and handsome Miss Inglises.
General Sir James Kempt was the Governor, one of the most popular as
well as the smartest officers I had seen. Years afterwards he seconded
Lord Lyndoch’s proposal for me as a member of the United Service Club.

[Sidenote: Sunday, Nov. 20.]

We received on board Commander Canning and officers of the _Sappho_
for passage home, she having been wrecked on the coast. The flagship
_Jupiter_, 60, shifted nearer entrance preparatory to going into milder
winter quarters.

[Sidenote: Monday, Nov. 21.]

In proof that we had remained long enough, our sails were frozen to the
yards. It took marling-spikes to hammer the gaskets before the sails
could be loosed.

We sailed after breakfast, with the _Pelter_, 10, brig in company.
I fancy junior commanders don’t care about being in co., and after
Wednesday evening we saw no more of her.

[Sidenote: Dec. 1.]

December 1 found us in 43° north latitude; unpleasant mornings for
washing decks. I saw but little of our passenger, the Prime Minister’s
son, nor did he much of his half-uncle.

[Sidenote: Sunday, Dec. 11.]

Just at dark came to in Plymouth Sound. Sailed 13th, arriving at
Spithead 14th.




CHAPTER IV

THE _TWEED_


[Sidenote: 1826. Jan. 19.]

Had to attend my Captain at a court-martial which caused an unusual
sensation. It took place on board the _Victory_ in Portsmouth Harbour,
with all established pomp and ceremony. The president was Rear-Admiral
of the White, Sir William Hall Gage. On opening the Court, the ten
senior Captains of those assembled were sworn; the remainder were
informed their services were not required. The Provost-Marshal, with
drawn sword and cocked hat, in charge of the prisoner, took position
at the lower end near the right side of the table, on which lay the
prisoner’s sword with handle towards him.

The following Captains formed the Court, taking their seats on
alternate sides of the table, according to seniority, the senior on the
right of the president:

  Patrick Campbell, C.B., _Ocean_, 80.
  Sir Michael Seymour, Bart., K.C.B., Royal Yacht.
  Henry Hill, _Melville_, 74.
  Fred. Warren, _Spartiate_, 76.
  Charles Inglis, _Victory_, 104.
  William Fairbrother Carrol, _Warspite_, 76.
  Nicholas Lockyer, C.B., _Romney_.
  Fred. Hunn, _Tweed_, 28.
  Richard Deans Dundas, _Volage_, 26.

The prisoner was Captain of the _Ariadne_. He was tried for having
purchased a slave negress at Zanzibar, and taken her to sea. She
mysteriously disappeared off the coast of Africa.

[Sidenote: Jan. 24]

The trial lasted three days. When the Court reopened for the last time,
the members had resumed their cocked hats, the prisoner’s sword lay
on the table with the point towards him. He was dismissed the service
of His Majesty King George IV., and Captain Adolphus Fitz-Clarence
appointed to the _Ariadne_.

[Sidenote: Jan. 20.]

Received Colonel Dashwood, appointed Consul at Mexico, a guardsman,
and of course a good fellow: it was not until the 25th that we got his
luggage and fixings on board. In the afternoon we sailed, but not in a
hurry; Captains with Government passengers seldom are. We anchored at
Cowes and Yarmouth; next move we ran through the Needles.

[Feb. 15.]

We were glad to find ourselves out of the cold, and came to in Funchall
Roads. We saluted the Portuguese flag: the pinnace, instead of being
astern, was fast to the guess-warp boom; her planking so shook that
she had to be hoisted in. Next day the First Lieutenant was invalided,
and went home in the _Eden_, 28. On shore we enjoyed the usual kind
hospitality. I had lost my female playfellows, and, although I did not
grow, I joined my seniors in the rides and picnics; that at the Corral,
for enjoyment and scenery, is not to be beaten.

[Sidenote: Feb. 27.]

On sailing, we got unusually quick into the north-east trade; sails
trimmed accordingly, ropes coiled up, and ship prepared for painting.

[Sidenote: Mar. 20.]

We came to in Carlisle Bay, Barbadoes. Sent boats and party on shore
for water, which I was allowed to join.

[Sidenote: Mar. 25.]

We sailed. No scenery in the Mediterranean can be more beautiful
than that we experienced running past the beautiful Islands of Porto
Rico, St. Domingo, and distant view of Cuba; sea clear and smooth;
flying-fish, dolphin, and sea-birds.

[Sidenote: April 5.]

Running into Port Royal, we saluted the flag of Vice-Admiral Sir
Lawrence Halstead.

The next morning I saw the Governor, the Duke of Manchester, who
had driven down from his hill residence to meet our Captain--his
conveyance, a random tandem: two leaders abreast and a horse between
the shafts.

[Sidenote: April 8.]

We left Port Royal, running down the trade, and reached Vera Cruz on
the 19th, saluting the Mexican flag with 19 guns.

[Sidenote: April 23.]

Royal salute, it being His Majesty George IV.’s birthday. Same day
Governor-General of Vera Cruz came on board, and was saluted with 19
guns. It took a few days before the Consul’s house at Xalapa was fit to
receive him; he left us under a salute of 7 guns, but what he seemed to
prefer were three hearty British cheers.

The Gulf of Mexico is for dollars what the bank of Newfoundland is for
fish; owing to the number of slavers, who, when their trade is slack,
are not above doing a bit of piracy, the merchants care not to trust
their money to traders, while Captains of the Royal Navy were keen
freight collectors.

I copy the following from my Navy List:--

“Proclamation by His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, Regent of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the name and on behalf
of His Majesty.

“The freight paid for the conveyance of treasure on board a man-of-war
in the West Indies 2 per cent. On the other side of the Capes Horn
and Good Hope, a half more. Of this freight, one-fourth to Greenwich
Hospital, one-fourth to the Admiral, or Admirals, on the station, and
the remaining two-fourths to the Captain.”

I observed that half the pier at Vera Cruz was built of lumps of iron,
such as have since been called “Seeley’s pigs.” They had been landed
at different times to make room for specie. The Admiral took care to
keep a cruiser not far off, so that the arrival of a convoy of specie
from Mexico was quickly communicated. Now and then a wicked little mail
brig from Falmouth would drop in, and walk off with what she could
carry. Cochineal paid freight, but it was too bulky, and required time.
Our turn had not arrived, so we kept between Tampico and Vera Cruz,
learning something.

[Sidenote: May 9.]

We came to off Tampico. A more uninviting open roadstead could not be:
in-shore the mouth of a large river, a bar and heavy surf breaking
across and beyond. We lay at single anchor ready to face foul weather.

Fresh water was only to be had by sending our boom-boats, with casks,
up the river, beyond high-water mark, and remaining the night. When
you got back, it was doubtful whether the state of the bar would allow
deep-laden boats to cross. To us mids, who had no responsibility, it
was great fun. Alligators, turtle, and sharks were numerous; these
were seen to advantage from the shore, when waves came rolling in,
lifting the monsters into the light. The beach was covered with large
mahogany-trees and broken branches, washed down by the rain floods.

[Sidenote: May 12.]

It was my turn to go with the water boats--to me a picnic. Over
the bar, we pulled up the river, tide with us, intending to anchor
off-shore for the night; but first we had to cook a substantial meal
under the trees. I was about to jump from the bow of the pinnace on
to a dead tree covered with mud, when the bowman put his hand on my
shoulder, and pointed out that my “dead tree” was a live alligator. I
ran aft and seized a marine’s musket, already loaded. The reptile at
that moment lifted his upper jaw, and I sent a ball into his stomach.
He was assailed with stretchers and cutlasses, and soon became harmless.

At daylight we filled our casks from alongside, and pulled easily down
with the tide, alligator in tow, and so alongside. As I could not
pickle the brute, I was anxious to obtain the bullet, it being my first
shot at big game, and got the good-natured Assistant-Surgeon Taylor
to dissect him. While performing, the doctor complained of the strong
smell of musk, which I attributed to the ball he was in search of. The
alligator measured eleven feet from tip of nose to end of tail.

[Sidenote: May 18.]

We sailed for the Havana. On June 6, as we passed in, close under the
famous Moro, we were hailed through a huge brass trumpet, in some
unintelligible jargon, which was replied to in much the same coin.

[Sidenote: Havana, June 6.]

I was now in the famous Havana, of which I had heard (and seen, as far
as pictures go) so much at Quidenham. My grandfather, assisted by his
brothers, General William and Commodore Augustus Keppel, had captured
it in 1762.

[Sidenote: June 13.]

_Galatea_, 42. Sir Charles Sullivan, Bart., arrived from Carthagena;
secured along the spritsail yard was the skin of a huge alligator. The
Spanish Main was unhealthy, yet famous for the collection of dollars;
but this gallant officer, the moment he had two of his crew down with
fever, left the dollars for the next cruiser to collect.

Sailed from the Havana on June 13 to rejoin the flag, arriving off
the port on the evening of July 5: we had to wait for the next day’s
sea-breeze to take us in.

[Sidenote: July 6.]

On running for Port Royal we stuck on the middle bank, the sea-breeze,
with its accompanying swell, having set in. We did not shorten sail, as
we drew only about three inches less than the water over the brittle
coral reef. My station was in the main top; the sea and down to the
bottom as clear as crystal: it was a pretty sight, when the swell
lifted the ship and eased her down. As we proceeded, the variety of
beautiful fish and animals dashed from under, on both sides. Got into
Port Royal with our bottom a little cleaner than it was. I believe
the mishap occurred by the Quartermaster not rightly distinguishing
the black pilot’s pronunciation of “starboard” and “larboard.” Found
here the magnificent hospital and store-ship _Isis_, 50, with flag,
_Rattlesnake_, 28, and _Harlequin_, 18.

Sent pinnace with specie to Kingston. We were not wanted long; I had
only time to make the acquaintance of one Johnnie Ferron, a jolly
Frenchman, who kept a store, in which was to be found everything, even
to a pair of skates, and three pretty daughters. We were ordered on a
cruise: there were few dollars, but we _might_ tumble across a slaver.

[Sidenote: July 11, 16.]

Sailed for the eastward, and as trade wind and current were the same
way, we had to work to windward, unless, as frequently happened near
land, we got becalmed with islands of Cuba and St. Domingo in sight.

At daylight we saw a rakish-looking black schooner, running before the
wind under studding sails. She no sooner made us out than she hauled to
the wind, and was soon out of sight.

[Sidenote: July 20.]

Four days after we ran into Port-au-Prince, and saluted the Black
Republican flag with seventeen guns.

Mr. Mackenzie was our Consul, and through him we saw quite enough.
There were negroes parading about in the cast-off uniforms of our
infantry and cavalry, helmets and jack-boots, but nothing to ride.

The most beautiful island in the Far West was the first landed on by
Christopher Columbus. Some of his followers fancied they smelt gold; he
left a party behind, from the effects of which Hayti never recovered.

For the short time that they claimed the British protection our hands
were full, and we only undertook half-and-half measures. During the
earthquake of 1842, 3000 people were burnt. The history of St. Domingo
and Hayti fills a book of horrors.

[Sidenote: August 23, 29.]

Sailed from Port-au-Prince on August 6; during our cruise visited the
Gonaives and St. Jago de Cuba.

Left in the early morning, just in time to share prize-money with the
_Aurora_ and _Harlequin_.

Observed the frigate fire a shot across the bows of a schooner under
Dutch colours; between us she had no chance of escape. She proved to be
Spanish, from Africa, with 267 slaves on board, which, as their heads
were shaved and greased, they looked, before we got close, like so many
32 lb. round shot.

[Sidenote: Sept. 2.]

On September 2 arrived at Port Royal, and commenced final refit before
going to Spanish Main, dollar-hunting.

[Sidenote: Sept. 6.]

The _Lord Sidmouth_ mail-packet sailed for England, and _Ferret_, with
convoy flag, for Chagres.

[Sidenote: Sept. 21.]

Arrived _Countess of Chichester_ packet, with mail from Falmouth.

[Sidenote: Sept. 23.]

We sailed.

[Sidenote: Oct. 5.]

Came to in Vera Cruz, moored with B. B., down stream to the Castle.

[Illustration: _Vera Cruz._]

[Sidenote: Oct. 18.]

While dollars were being piled sailed on a cruise.

[Sidenote: Oct. 27.]

On the 27th becalmed about 150 miles south-west of the Mississippi in
40 fathoms water, and had some excellent sport; cod-fish at the bottom
seized both baits as they reached them. About 12 fathoms below the
surface sharks abounded; the sea was as clear as glass: the fun was to
steer your hooked fish through them. But a shark is a lazy brute, likes
to know something about what he is going to eat; the deep-sea shark is
always attended by a pilot-fish, who makes his report.

[Sidenote: Nov. 17.]

Arrived at Port Royal; not much to do.

[Sidenote: Nov. 26.]

Towed out of harbour into sea-breeze.

[Sidenote: Mexico, Vera Cruz, Dec. 6.]

Made the beautiful snow-capped mountain of Orizaba. Moored between
roadstead and St. Juan d’Ulloa. Our Captain having decided that he
would carry cochineal as well as dollars, the main-deck guns were run
in and the carriages secured fore and aft. The half-ports caulked in,
leaving the lower deck cleared for cargo, crew consoling themselves
by the absence of gun-drill and the comfort of an airy deck. In fact,
on arriving on the station, hammocks by general consent were dispensed
with. I, as well as the rest, had for two years no other bed than the
deck, with jackets rolled up for a pillow.

[Sidenote: 1827. Jan. 1.]

Lieutenant Christopher Smith and self availed ourselves of the repeated
kind invitations of Colonel Dashwood to visit him at Xalapa, to us a
strange country not without its excitements. We were glad of the chance
to get above the sickly Tierra Caliente. Xalapa stands on table-land
some 4300 feet above the level of the sea, distant twenty-two leagues.

Our conveyances were a sort of flat palanquins, supported between long
shafts with a mule at each end: mounted armed guides and mules with
luggage completed our caravan. On account of the heat, we did not start
until sunset. The first half of our journey was along a sandy desert
infested by brigands, to protect us from which we paid our guides
extra; of course, at one part of the night we were told to keep our
pistols ready. Convoys are necessary for the frequent conveyance of
dollars from Mexico, and of which business men take advantage, coming
and returning.

After passing a refreshment-house at Santa Fé, we crossed the grand
Puente del Rey, and began to ascend. It was curious how quickly we felt
the agreeable change of climate, and enjoyed the fresh smell of trees
and flowers, the sight of birds of various plumage, and small hares
crossing the road.

At San Rafael refreshed animals and selves at a decent _posada_. Smell
of garlic we did not mind. At 3 P.M. we were welcomed at the hospitable
establishment of Colonel Dashwood. Only a land-surveyor could describe
the beauty of the scene--the great table-land in front, with its
tropical vegetation, and the background of Perote and the snow-clad
Orizaba, in the centre of the torrid zone, flanked by volcanic
mountains. One understood how the gallant guardsman could have left his
snug quarters in St. James’s.

Xalapa was formerly the mart of New Spain; merchandise brought on mules
to the annual fair. The apparently magnificent cathedral at the city
of Mexico, a grand pile to look at, was, on account of the frequent
earthquakes, built of bamboo and cane, and so plastered over.

Visited some of the country villages, and was astonished to see the
plaster figure of Our Saviour crucified as a black man!

I will not attempt to describe the hospitality of our kind host. Mutton
was the prevailing dish; the atmosphere suited sheep better than
bullocks, but game and water-fowl were in plenty. I had an early taste
for ornithology, and enjoyed many days with my gun in the adjacent
forests. Oak-trees flourished on the tableland, and vegetables in its
temperate climate. The tree which produces the drug jalap thrives here:
about 200,000 lb. are exported annually. But I am getting out of my
depth as a sailor, and our visit with the kind, hospitable Dashwood too
soon came to an end.

[Sidenote: Feb. 3.]

Took leave of our kind host, arriving on board the following day.

[Sidenote: February 5, 26; March 18, 23.]

Sailed, cruising off and on Tampico, collecting dollars and cochineal,
until 26th, when we sailed, and arrived at the Havana on March 18.
Sailed again on the 23rd.

[Sidenote: April 21.]

Sighted the Lizard.

    EXTRACT FROM “HAMPSHIRE TELEGRAPH,”
    APRIL 28, 1827.

    On Tuesday the _Tweed_, Captain Frederick Hunn, arrived from
    Vera Cruz, Tampico, and the Havana, bringing half a million
    dollars on account of the Mexican Government, to pay interest
    on the Mexican Loan. Also one and a half million hard dollars,
    and 336 serons of cochineal, worth at present market value
    £40,000, on merchants’ account.

[Sidenote: May 17.]

Paid out of commission.




CHAPTER V

1827


[Sidenote: 1827. May 18.]

_Tweed_ was re-commissioned by Captain Lord John Churchill, of whom I
had heard nothing but good. Was glad to find myself reappointed. Having
returned from foreign service, I was entitled to leave, and was kindly
received in my old quarters at Kensington Palace by H.R.H. the Duke of
Sussex.

[Sidenote: May-June.]

The season had commenced, London was filling, and His Royal Highness
entertaining with his usual hospitality. I had not got over my shyness,
but preferred the smaller parties. One evening I was rather late; the
dinner-party were actually waiting for me. As I entered the room, a
voice close by called out, “Waiter, are my steaks ready?” which was
immediately replied to, “No, sir; but your chops are.” I found that I
owed _one_ to Mr. Yates, the then famous ventriloquist.

I found an opportunity to join my sisters, who had assembled at
Holkham. Mary had married Mr. Stephenson, and Georgina, Colonel Hill;
and with the Coke children it was very cheery.

There was a distinguished American, Mr. Paterson, who had a charming
wife and two tall, handsome daughters. It was the custom in those days
to have after-dinner prayers. On my sister inviting Mr. Paterson to
attend, he replied, “I thank you Lady Anne; but I pray devoutly and
sincerely, _once_ a week!”

[Illustration: _Holkham._]

[Sidenote: June-July.]

My father had married and was abroad, but I could not leave Norfolk
without looking up my favourite elder brother Edward, the clergyman
at Quidenham. During my short stay he proposed a visit to the mere,
where we had so often fished, rowed, and skated together. On our way
we had to pass a hollow oak. Edward told me that if I rapped the tree
with my stick an owl would fly out. I did rap, and the horrid bird in
its fright upset a bucket of whitewash over the parson’s black coat;
thought I should never have stopped laughing.

My brother Tom was at sea in the _Undaunted_, 46, commanded by Sir
Augustus Clifford.

These were stirring times. When back at Portsmouth I found a fleet of
Russian ships of the line extending from St. Helens to the Mother Bank.

[Sidenote: August.]

The _Tweed_ had been fitted for the Mediterranean station. A Caffre
war had for some time been going on at the Cape. The _Espoir_, 16,
commanded by F. Greville, was ordered to convey money for payment of
the troops. At the eleventh hour, having shipped the gold and silver,
her Captain found he could not carry the copper change, without which
the silver was almost useless; so the next ship had to take it, and we
missed Navarino.

Half the Russian fleet were ordered back to Cronstadt, and the
remaining sailed for Milo, the Lord High Admiral sending orders to
Admiral Sir Edward Codrington, Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean.
It was whispered afterwards that Sir Edward found a pencil scratch in
the corner of his orders, “Go it, Ned!”

The Captain and officers took the greatest interest in the interior
fitting as well as that of the outside. Belonging to a ship “going
foreign,” I was allowed to have my examination in navigation a year
earlier. Out of the dozen who went up, I passed second, George
Goldsmith, afterwards my much-esteemed First Lieutenant in the
_Childers_, having passed first.

[Sidenote: Aug. 31.]

We had two midshipmen’s berths and places allotted for stores; even for
a midshipman’s pig, which is supposed never to die. The lower-masts and
bowsprit had been replaced, and the ship re-coppered. The Captain wore
a moustache. Having commanded a ship in the Mediterranean on the Greek
station, he fancied petticoat trousers for the crew. The ship was soon
out of dock, and secured alongside the hulk.

The _Royal Sovereign_ arrived bearing the flag of Lord High Admiral
the Duke of Clarence, Royal standard flying. His Royal Highness had
visited the Russian fleet. We manned the side of the hulk, with the
crew in their petticoat trousers, while the Royal Marines, on a raised
platform, presented arms. The Lord High Admiral came on board later,
and mustered the crew. He did not notice me, although I had red hair
like his Flag-Lieutenant, Hon. J. F. De Roos.

_Espoir_, Commander F. Greville, sailed with £70,000, newly-coined
money, for the Cape.

We had a Naval Instructor and a nice set of officers, particularly
among our midshipmen. Among our messmates was a most agreeable and
amusing old salt, one Jonas Coaker, second master. We were not to have
his company, as he had to take charge of a water-tank for Simon’s Bay.
Coaker and I were shipmates later on.

I could scarcely recognise the interior of my old ship. Our mess
sported plate and table-cloths. I had a Marine servant to myself, who
no longer answered to the name of “_Cheeks_.”

[Sidenote: Sept. 8.]

We sailed out of harbour, saluting the flag of Sir Thomas Hardy. Having
taken on board the copper coin for _Espoir’s_ freight, we sailed on
9th, and came to off Cowes.

[Sidenote: Sept. 16.]

We hove to in Plymouth Sound; saluted the flag of Sir James Saumarez.
After communicating, proceeded.

[Sidenote: Sept. 27.]

Kind readers will have had enough of sea-voyages.

We arrived at the always agreeable and hospitable Funchall Roads. Usual
salutes. Visits from Russian and Danish Consuls.

[Sidenote: Oct. 9.]

At sea. A man fell overboard from the fore topsail yard; picked him up
unhurt.

[Sidenote: Oct. 10, 11.]

Came to in Porto Praya Roads, St. Jago, saluting the Portuguese flag.
While watering, a few of us, including surgeon, schoolmaster, and six
of my messmates, also taking with us James Winser, mids’ servant,
landed with our fowling-pieces for a picnic.

We had a long and enjoyable day. When we returned at sunset, we found
that, on account of slaves, no boats were allowed to quit the shore.
First Lieutenant, being aware of the rule, no boat was sent. We took
up our quarters in a deserted hotel, slept on the bare mud floor,
unpleasantly near swampy ground.

Watering here was disagreeable, having to raft our casks off with a
swell rolling into the roads. It took us three days.

[Sidenote: Oct. 14.]

Sailed on 14th. The usual course was to have crossed the southerly
trade wind on the port tack, but our good Captain, to please Sir
George Cockburn, Second Sea Lord of the Admiralty, attempted the
nearer-looking line off the coast of Africa. Shortly after sailing, all
our picnic-party, with exception of Granville and myself, were down
with fever. Winser, a good lad, our servant, was the first to die. He
was followed by S. H. Crawford, Col. Vol. Our good Captain felt these
deaths. His airy cabin was converted into a hospital. My turn came
later. All officers who owned cabins kindly gave them up. I was put
into Lieutenant Charles Nash’s, who took all the care he could of me.
As was then the practice, they bled me in both arms and shaved my head.
Cockroaches were numerous. There was a sad stillness about the ship,
and I could hear the firing as the last sad ceremony on committing the
bodies of departed messmates to the deep.

The two seniors of our picnic-party, the surgeon and the schoolmaster,
were the third and fourth to die. After I was down, I sent a message to
my chum, Bridgman Simpson, but it never reached him.

We lost the following officers: James Napper, surgeon, aged 40 years;
James Hislop,[3] schoolmaster, 28 years; Green West, midshipman, 15
years 7 months; Henry Stuart Crawford, 15 years; Arthur Bridgman
Simpson, 15 years 7 months; Charles William Thornton, 14 years 3
months; John Augustus Aldham, 15 years 3 months. They all died between
October 14 and November 15, 1827. A tablet to their memory may be seen
in the garrison chapel, Portsmouth.

[3] A distinguished Scotch poet.

[Sidenote: Dec. 17.]

As might have been expected, water and provisions grew short. Those
who dined with the Captain had to send their allowance of water to his
steward.

We arrived in Table Bay, _sixty days_ from the Cape de Verds. The
account of our African fever soon spread. Fortunately, my old shipmate,
Lieutenant Christopher Smith, had informed his sister, married to
Puisne Judge Burton, that I was in the _Tweed_; they at once kindly
received me. Oh, the luxury and comfort! I soon forgot that it had been
my turn next to die. The _Tweed_ had to go round to Simon’s Bay. The
kind Captain was glad to leave me in such good quarters.

As I gained strength I preferred crawling about by myself. There was
a large garrison at the Cape, and officers spoke kindly to the sickly
mid. Living in the country at Wynberg were the Deputy-Adjutant-General,
Colonel and Lady Mary Fitzroy.

One afternoon when home for tea I found that Lady Mary had visited Mrs.
Burton and claimed me as a relation, and dwelt on the healthiness of
Wynberg in the summer. I did not fancy leaving such kind friends as
the Burtons had been to me in my time of need, but all was arranged
without my being consulted, and that evening a carriage conveyed me
away.

Lady Mary was kindness itself. There were four children--the only
daughter, a darling child with black eyes, now a happy grandmother, and
long may she remain so! Of the three boys more hereafter.

Both Colonel and Lady Mary had been at the Duchess of Richmond’s ball
at Brussels on the eve of Waterloo. Fitzroy was in the Blues, and they
accompanied the Duke of Richmond when he went to Canada as Governor,
where I believe His Grace died from the bite of a fox. The then Dowager
Duchess accepted a small collection of birds which I shot, skinned, and
had stuffed while staying with her children at Wynberg.

[Sidenote: Dec. 25.]

Christmas Day arrived. Oh, how different from what I expected a month
ago! How bright and cheery was this day’s gathering!

[Sidenote: 1828. January.]

My host was a thorough sportsman and a first-rate whip, and a month
after arrival I found myself in the saddle; but being subject to
attacks of intermittent fever, which caused a dismount, some one was
always with me. As I grew stronger, I could sit on a side-saddle with a
rug, and exercise Lady Mary’s own riding-horses. Often when riding over
the usual hunting-ground in the open space at Stillenbach division,
snakes were disturbed.

Lord Charles Fitzroy Somerset had for many years been Governor of the
Cape, and, as the name naturally implies, there was a vast improvement
in the breed of horses. His name was a household word.

[Sidenote: Cape.]

Just before the arrival of the _Tweed_ two Oxfordshire emigrants,
Henry and George Peck, had been wrecked in False Bay. Savings from the
wreck enabled them to erect a shelter at Musemberg, a lucky spot, where
the road between Cape Town and Simon’s Bay turns off at right angles
fifteen miles from one place and seven from the other.

There was an amusing simplicity about the brothers, and Lord John
Churchill, claiming them as Oxford yeomen, gave a kind help. They
commenced by selling ginger-beer to midshipmen. Lord John had a board
painted, “The Farmers Peck,” which was raised on a post in front.

After the _Tweed_ left, the officers of the next Commodore’s ship
added an inscription, styling the brothers as “The Gentle Shepherds of
Salisbury Plain.”

  “LIFE’S BUT A JOURNEY. LET US LIVE ON THE ROAD.” SAYS THE
    GENTLE SHEPHERD OF SALISBURY PLAIN.

    Multum in parvo, pro bono publico,
    Entertainment for men and beasts all of a row,
        Lekker kost as much as you please;
        Excellent beds without any fleas.
    Nos patriam fugimus, Now we are here,
    Vivamus; let us live by selling beer,
        On donne à boire et à manger ici;
        Come in and try it, whoever you be?

It is now seventy years since our Captain started these honest farmers.
_They_ have departed long since, but the original boards remain. A wing
has been added, stables improved, and he must be a good rider that can
get a Cape hack past without washing his mouth out.

As I improved in health and strength, my kind hosts would have me name
any messmates I would like to see. Glanville was a sportsman, the only
one of our Cape de Verd picnic that had escaped the African fever; he
was a good boxer as well, and went by the name of “Gully.” Glanville
brought an amusing account of our newly-appointed Irish mid, Coppinger.

Simon’s Bay, subject to squalls from the adjacent mountains, made it
necessary to keep sheets clear. Sailing off in a cutter, Coppinger was
capsized; seen from the ship, boats were sent, crew saved; but the
difficulty was to catch Coppinger, who, being an expert swimmer and
conspicuous from his cocked hat, which stuck to his head, refused for
some time to be caught.

[Sidenote: Jan. 29.]

Ships in Simon’s Bay fired a royal salute in commemoration of the
accession of His Majesty King George IV.

In the 98th Regiment was Captain Eyre, a sportsman and lion-killer.
Being a brother of the clergyman at Larling, near Quidenham, we became
friends. He got me made a honorary member of their mess; it is only
the last two years that age has obliged me to give up attending their
annual dinner, where I had always received a kind and hearty welcome.
Le Marchant was the best-dressed man in the regiment, and did duty as
Town Major; he was not much of a sportsman, but Eyre persuaded him to
join a lion-shooting party.

One afternoon, before sundown, they came on a large reed covert which
held lions. Le Marchant, well mounted, kept in the rear, Eyre and
party closing on the lions; one of them broke covert some way off,
and, making a semi-circuit, selected Le Marchant, and had pulled his
horse to the ground. Eyre was just in time at close quarters to send a
bullet into the brain of the lion. Le Marchant was happier afterwards
as Governor of Malta.

My host used to take me when he visited my Captain for a couple of days
at Simon’s Bay, but kindly bargained for my returning with him.

Colonel Blake was the Commandant at Simon’s Bay; most kind and
hospitable. He had belonged to a cavalry regiment. When the country was
finally taken over from the Dutch in 1806 he married a Cape lady, and
had a son and a pretty daughter. Mat Blake became a breeder of horses,
and I hope and believe that he is still alive.

While riding in the open country, it was not unusual to meet the Dutch
waggons drawn by eighteen or twenty bullocks; also sixteen-horse
waggons. I have seen a wild zebra so harnessed, unable to escape, but
made to work, a second driver carrying a lengthy whip. These facts,
though curious to me then, are as well known as the riders in Hyde Park.

[Sidenote: March.]

As my acquaintance with the soldiers increased, I became more sporting;
they found I could ride at a lighter weight than any of them--8 stone
6--on Colonel Fane’s horse. I took to tandem-driving; such conveyances
were to be found in Cape Town, and finding Assistant-Surgeon William
Martin, promoted from the _Sparrowhawk_ to the _Tweed_ (in place of my
deceased shipmate Napper), wanting a lift, I undertook the job.

The road as far as Musemberg was long, but not so bad. At Farmers
Peck’s the horses stopped without consulting me, and Peck junior
suggested they should each have a bottle of ale, which was administered
by removing the bridles and inserting the neck of the bottle in the
horse’s mouth, holding the head, nostrils up. The ale disappeared. It
was evident that it was not their first performance.

From Peck’s our road lay to the right; it was rough ground, bounded on
the off side by rocks and steep banks; on near side by broken stone
wall with bushes growing between; the sea beyond, which was nearer at
high-water.

Both horses inclined to run away, which I did not so much mind if I
could keep in the road. It appears that my leader had been accustomed
to work on the near side in a team, and bore in that direction. However
there was but little traffic.

Martin held the whip while I twisted the leader’s rein round my
forearm, and pulled all I could. Martin, instead of sitting quiet,
began to “touch the leader up.” I told him that my neck was as strong
as his, and chucked the reins on to the shaft horse’s back. The leader
threw up his head, turned sharp to the left, jumped fence and broken
wall. I had an idea, as I lay in the road, of some huge bird passing
in the air. Both horses were on their backs, when I heard a voice from
the bush calling my attention to the upper wheel, the only thing that
could move, spinning round as if it must catch fire. We had to ride
into Simon’s Town--luckily, when it was dark--on the bare backs of the
horses.

[Sidenote: April 23.]

Dressed ship in honour of the King’s coronation. Salute annulled in
consequence of the illness of Captain of the _Helicon_.

[Sidenote: April 27.]

Commodore Skipsey arrived on board _Maidstone_, 46, to relieve
Commodore Christian.

[Sidenote: April 28.]

Funeral of Commander Acland; colours lowered half-mast; a name much
respected in the service.

[Sidenote: May 10.]

_Tweed_ inspected by Commodore Skipsey.

We sailed from Simon’s Bay on May 11, and anchored off the Bell Buoy on
31st. The Buoy was a square air-tight tank; the bell, on a staff in the
centre, kept ringing by the motion of the sea.

Our anchorage was so near the burial-ground that we could witness the
daily ceremony. The coffin was placed over the prepared grave, and when
that part of the beautiful service, “Earth to earth,” was said, a bolt
was drawn; the body fell into its last resting-place, and the coffin
went back for its next passenger.

[Sidenote: June 1.]

Port Louis had a snug inner harbour close to the town. The channel from
the Bell Buoy was over thirty cables long; we had to warp up.

A light coir rope stopped to bent flukes of small anchors; about three
ships’ lengths apart. Negro divers released the stops as the warping
ship approached. In a man-of-war it was a run from end to end.

_Espoir_, 10, Commander Henry F. Greville, arrived.

[Sidenote: June 17.]

The _Castle Huntley_, a fine East Indiaman, arrived with the
newly-appointed Governor-General, Hon. Sir Charles Colville, on board,
which the worthy Captain, Thomas Dunkin, thought entitled him to
display at his main topgallant masthead the Union Jack--a flag, afloat,
representing an Admiral of the Fleet. The Captain did not approve of
being obliged to haul it down, and commenced a long correspondence
with “powers that be” at home. This, however, never interfered with
the cordial good-feeling which existed between our Chief and the two
gallant Governors.

It was arranged with Lord John Churchill that _Tweed_ should take Sir
Lowry Cole to the Cape of Good Hope, to which he had been appointed as
Governor: the staff was large, and required a certain time for us to
prepare.

[Sidenote: Jane 25.]

General Sir Lowry Cole paid his farewell visit as Governor, and
was received with all due honours. In Sir Lowry we had another of
Wellington’s Peninsular heroes, with a far longer record than a
midshipman’s log has room for. His Excellency was not at the battle of
Waterloo, because on that day he married Lady Frances, daughter of Lord
Malmesbury, the lady who was so kind to us youngsters. The honeymoon
must have been of short duration, as Sir Lowry rejoined his old chief
at the occupation of Paris.

[Illustration: _View from Réduit._]

The children were charming. Had we belonged to the family, we could
not have been treated with greater kindness. Horses and ponies at
Government House, Port Louis, as well as at a charming house, Le
Réduit, which my friend Larking describes as a fine old French château,
built by Labourdoniere when Governor of the island. It stands in lovely
wooded grounds, several hundred acres in extent, triangular-shaped. Two
rivers run through deep ravines and form the sides of a triangle. They
meet at the apex, which is called Bout au Monde--the haunt of hundreds
of monkeys.

[Sidenote: July 22.]

Arrived _Sparrowhawk_, 18, Commander James Polkinghorne.

[Sidenote: July 23.]

The necessary number of captains being present, I was examined as to
my qualifications in seamanship, having already passed for navigation
before leaving England. The captains were not hard on me; the passing
certificates were made out in triplicate to be sent to the Admiralty.
The captains kindly signed an extra one, which I sent to my father.
From this day I ceased to be a midshipman, and became a mate in His
Majesty’s Navy.

There was a huge tortoise in the grounds of Government House at Port
Louis. It could move with six men on its back, three a side, standing
on edge of its shell, holding hands across. On inquiry from Mr.
Robinson, a late resident and relative of mine, I found there had been
two of these animals introduced into the island by the French, and
they were on the list of Ordnance stores taken over by the British on
the evacuation. The entry was certified by Commissary-General Jago in
1810. They were allowed to stroll about, but were seldom met or even
seen together. This big one was generally to be found in the R.A. mess
compound. I understand that in 1861 a young officer fired a revolver at
it. The bullet made a dent on the shell, but did not penetrate. The
mark was still visible in 1884. The tortoise often disappeared, at one
time for a whole month, but returned of its own accord. It was easily
driven by tapping on the back and hind-legs with a small rattan.

[Illustration: _A Colossal Tortoise._]

In the garrison were the 29th Regiment, commanded by a Waterloo
hero, Lieutenant-Colonel Simpson; the 99th, known amongst the French
population as the “Neuf Neuf,” Lieutenant-Colonel Hardinge; and 82nd,
Lieutenant-Colonel Balfour, besides Engineers and Artillery.

Society was charming. In addition to our garrison ladies, the French,
then as now, joined in all festivities. I had a chum, Phillpotts,
in the 29th, the same height as myself, and the same lady kindly
patronised us both; but hoping to cut my friend out, I thought to
improve myself by taking lessons in dancing. The next day, when I
arrived at Monsieur Longville’s, the French artist, I found Phillpotts
already there!

[Sidenote: July 28.]

_Champion_, 18, arrived from India in command of my much-esteemed
kinsman, George Delmé. On board, too, was my brother Tom, who had left
the Naval College early in 1827, and went to India in the _Success_,
where Admiral Sir William Hall Gage transferred him to the _Champion_.

[Sidenote: Aug. 18.]

We embarked Sir Lowry Cole and family, as well as a large staff, with
all due honours, and sailed immediately, ships and forts cheering as
we passed. Colonel Wade, Military Secretary, was a great favourite.
His son in the 98th, a linguist who afterwards made himself master of
the Chinese language, with its 500 letters, was afterwards Sir Thomas
Wade, our Minister at Peking. Captain During, A.D.C., Dr. Dyce, Rev.
A. M. Canton, and although last not least, Kerr Baillie Hamilton. In
addition to these was Lady Frances Cole and the charming children.

[Illustration: _Sir Lowry Cole._]

Our Captain himself was a _bon-vivant_. It delighted him to entertain
so good a judge as Sir Lowry. He had also heard of the remark made by
Wellington, while in winter-quarters after Salamanca, to a new-comer in
camp: “Cole gives the best dinners; Hill the next; mine are no great
things; but Beresford’s and Picton’s are very bad indeed.”

The party was large, and food drawing to an end. The evening before
arrival at Simon’s Bay there had been a dish of roast guinea-fowls;
one of which was set aside for the Governor’s breakfast and placed in
a safe that hung over the hatchway, abreast of the mids’ berth, under
the charge of the cabin-door sentry. Now, when the sentry went forward
to strike eight bells, the safe door being partially open, a hungry
mid conveyed the tempting bird to his mess-table, where it disappeared
without “fork and knife or noise or strife.”

After the landing of the Governor came the painful inquiry, “Who stole
the guinea-fowl?” Of course, nobody did, and our leave was confined to
Simon’s Bay.

[Sidenote: Sept. 7.]

We arrived in Simon’s Bay, and following day landed the Governor, Sir
Lowry Cole, with all due honours.

[Illustration: _The Device of Jonas Coaker._]

At Simon’s Bay we found that Jonas Coaker had arrived with his
schooner-rigged tank. After crossing the “Line” on his way out, he
had been becalmed for some hours, when a rakish-looking schooner,
that might have been slaver or pirate--most likely both--hove in
sight, bringing a light breeze up. Now, Jonas, being unarmed, had no
wish to communicate. He assembled his crew, dressed in white frocks
and trousers, and having unshipped the cook’s funnel, which was of
polished brass, mounted it on an impromptu carriage, and got the muzzle
pointed towards the stranger, with the crew ranged on each side, while
he paraded the deck in cocked hat and sidearms. He had also a mid
and second master. The stranger got near enough to make out that the
schooner’s sails were not of cotton; she in studding sails, and, much
to Jonas’s relief, hauled to the wind.

Jonas was full of information. On arriving in Simon’s Bay, he, in
answer to inquiries of his young officers, how the Cape sheep came
to have such broad, flat tails, explained that it arose from their
invariably feeding uphill!

[Sidenote: Sept. 24.]

Jonas Coaker commenced building a stone pier and breakwater from the
bottom of the Commodore’s garden. With a small rock in position and
material at hand, it is a wonder it was not thought of before.

[Sidenote: Oct. 20.]

The _Undaunted_, 46, Captain Augustus Clifford, C.B., arrived with Lord
William Cavendish-Bentinck, appointed Governor-General of India.

[Sidenote: Nov. 5.]

Fired a royal salute in commemoration of the discovery of the Gunpowder
Plot.

[Sidenote: Dec.]

Leave of so many being stopped, there were an unusual number of mids in
Simon’s Bay, which of course made the place unusually lively. Colonel
Blake, the kind Commandant, entertained most hospitably, as did Mr.
Osmond, better known as “King John.” Colonel Blake had for years been
annoyed by baboons which came down from the mountain and stole his
figs. After a while he caught one, flogged, and let it go. He lost no
more figs.

Time slipped away. Christmas was drawing near, and kind invitations
came from numerous friends--the Stolls, Cloetes, Lorentz, Ebdens, and
others. A kind letter from Lady Mary Fitzroy to our Captain caused
leave to be given to any but the actual perpetrator. Now, as I had the
morning watch, and had not, at the time of the guinea-fowl’s escape,
been relieved, Christmas Day found myself with that bright and happy
family, the Fitzroys.

[Sidenote: 1829. January.]

After a while I had a latch-key, and a room adjoining the entrance;
became an honorary member of the 98th mess. I invested in a couple of
horses that I could not afford, and deluded a messmate, young Armytage,
into doing the same. He was a lighter weight than myself, and could
ride well. Glanville kept a fast horse with a bangtail. He was older
and a more experienced rider, and had also learnt the noble art of
self-defence.

One day, at Morrison’s Hotel, I heard a man requesting to be taken to
Major Keppel. This proved to be the famous blind traveller, Joseph
Holman. He had heard my voice, and took it for that of his friend, my
brother, who was then in England.

[Sidenote: Jan. 15.]

Commodore Schomberg hoisted his broad pendant, which was saluted by us.

In the midst of our little gaieties _Tweed_ was ordered to the
Mauritius. Our kind Captain allowed Glanville and self each to take a
horse, as we could there get rid of them to advantage.

[Sidenote: Feb. 7.]

We sailed. Showed colours to vessels in St. Paul’s Roads, Bourbon.

[Sidenote: Mar. 10-Mar. 29.]

Arrived Port Louis, Mauritius. The Governor, Hon. Sir Charles Colville,
and family, continued the same kind hospitality as their predecessors.
I have often regretted our inability to return in any way their
kindness.

A mid’s was thought a hard life, but on active service what had not
these gallant soldiers gone through? I had a brother, a youngster, at
Waterloo, who, for many years in the latter part of his life, tried to
recount various incidents of that day. Sir Charles Colville’s division
appears to have been placed at Hal, on the extreme right of the British
army, Wellington believing that was the point on which Napoleon was
advancing. The General made up for it by the gallant manner in which he
stormed and captured Cambrai, the last French fort to surrender.

[Sidenote: April.]

Races took place, which we enjoyed. Our sailor horses were entered for
anything that could afford sport. Glanville’s bangtail was a clever
horse: won everything he ran for. Armytage rode a light weight for the
garrison with success. I rode a couple, but my horse had not time to be
properly trained; afterwards he bolted, rolled over the rails, nearly
killed an Irish jockey; but I got double what he cost me. Glanville did
better still.

[Sidenote: April 20.]

Mail arriving, was disappointed to find that my passing certificates
had been returned by some smart Admiralty clerk for “Mr. Keppel’s
signature.”

[Sidenote: May 3.]

Sailed for the Cape; _Espoir_ in co.

[Sidenote: May 21.]

Arrived in Simon’s Bay. Many kind friends came on board; Johnnie Stoll,
of the _Maidstone_, was the first to inform me that I was promoted. I
could scarcely believe it, as my passing certificates had been returned
to me, at the Mauritius, for signature. However, my Lieutenant’s
commission was in the Commodore’s office.

This was indeed an unexpected pleasure, enough to turn the brain of an
older head. Sapient resolves no longer to play the fool! I now held
the rank equivalent to that of a Captain in the army. I was almost
ashamed of the congratulations of so many of my seniors.

The Commodore, Schomburg, was also kind. I found him just as he had
finished a long correspondence with the Admiralty about the _Castle
Huntley_, Indiaman, while she was at the Mauritius, with these words:

“I cannot conclude without regretting that His Majesty’s Orders in
Council seem still but imperfectly understood by many branches of the
civil, military, and merchant services”--words as applicable near
seventy years after.

With my dear Captain I was indeed sorry to part: it seemed as if I
had been with him years. His kindness and anxiety when so many of us
were down with fever endeared him to all, especially myself, the only
survivor of the picnic party.

I went off to receive further congratulations from my kind friends the
Fitzroys, who had done so much to restore me to health and strength.

[Sidenote: June 10.]

The _Rainbow_, 28, Captain Hon. Henry Rous, arrived from the East
Indian Station, so full of invalids and other passengers there was no
room for me, but the Captain had the will and soon found the way. A cot
was hung on the starboard side of the aft-deck. In itself a luxury: and
being in sight of the cabin-door sentry, no chance of my lanyard being
cut by a horrid midshipman; for the rest, I was the Captain’s guest.

After taking leave of many kind friends, I thought it right to show
my new shipmates how the ropes lead about Cape Town. There were races
going on, at one of which my chum Whaley Armytage got his arm broken.
There was also a dignity ball to come off, more refined, but not better
fun, than those in the West Indies. Leave-taking over and Armytage
convalescent, with his arm in a sling, I conveyed him to Simon’s Bay in
a tandem. We had the usual rest and refreshment at Farmers Peck’s.

The tide happening to be out when we reached Fishhook Bay, I turned my
leader’s head into the cutting that had been made in the rock, for the
accommodation of led horses. On one side was the perpendicular cliff,
on the other a drop of between thirty and forty feet on to rocks and
sea. There was nothing left for my leader but to go on, with shafts
and wheeler close upon him. We arrived safe at the bottom. Further on
met the Resident, Colonel Blake, riding with his daughter. He would
not credit my account, and, as the tide was out, rode on to find the
impression of wheels, I having booked his four to one.

Forty years after, and maybe does now, the spot bore the name of
“Keppel’s Folly.”

[Illustration: _Keppel’s Folly._]

[Sidenote: June 15.]

We sailed for England. The _Rainbow_ had been on the Australian and New
Zealand stations, which accounted for my seeing, when dining with my
kind host, on removal of the dish-cover, the tattooed head of a Maori
Chief.

The ship was full of curios: game-cocks secured by the leg to alternate
gun-carriages on main-deck. There were two Bengal tiger whelps, a
ferocious-looking bull-dog as gentle as a lamb, and a monkey free to go
where he chose.

After evening quarters, a sail was spread on the forecastle, where some
interesting sparring took place. In the cabin, I had each forenoon a
lesson in backgammon, with the Captain, at the cost of a shilling per
day. Among invalids was a Lieutenant, Jack Crosbie, who quarrelled with
me because I made a remark about his sister in reply to one he made
about me. I did not know then that he _had_ a sister, although he had
five, all uncommonly good-looking--I married one!

[Sidenote: June 25.]

Arrived off St. Helena. Our Captain had served in one of the ships that
had guarded the island during the residence of the great Napoleon. His
Imperial Majesty had died May 5, 1821, and his remains rested in a spot
chosen by himself--a garden at the foot of a deep ravine; the grave,
between two willow-trees, close to a fountain, from which he had during
life been specially supplied. To visit the spot with the Captain was a
pleasant and interesting walk.

[Illustration: _Napoleon’s Grave._]

[Sidenote: July 2.]

Called at Ascension, then little better than a huge cinder; there was a
small spring some seven miles distant. Its redeeming point was the kind
manner in which the finest turtle landed to deposit their eggs on the
numerous sanded inlets; this they preferred doing on bright moonshiny
nights, never dreaming that they were being watched. And having covered
with sand as many or more than a hundred luscious eggs, the size
and shape of a large orange, left them for the sun to hatch. Their
own tracks carefully sprinkled with sand, on returning to the briny
deep, they little thought they were to be turned on their backs, above
high-water mark, by huge Royal Marines, there to await passage to the
table of the First Lord of the Admiralty or his friends! Of course, the
male turtle is never foolish enough to land if he knows of it.

[Sidenote: Aug. 8]

On our reaching soundings in the chops of the Channel, Captain Rous
bought a bag of potatoes from a pilot boat; and having a live pig still
left, he determined on a feast, and so make up my quarrel with Crosbie.

[Sidenote: Aug. 10.]

We arrived at Spithead, after the pleasantest voyage I ever made.




CHAPTER VI

ENGLAND


[Sidenote: 1829. Aug. 12.]

Goodwood Races being due, I brought up at the “Keppel’s Head,” and let
my kinsman, Henry Delmé, at Cams (a mansion at the head of Portsmouth
Harbour), know that I was ready for a seat on his drag.

[Sidenote: Aug. 13.]

On the 13th I intercepted the yellow coach at Cosham, and had my
portmanteau placed in the boot. Mrs. Delmé was on the box, sitting
behind the same four greys I recollected so well. Fanny Delmé and Mrs.
Delmé Radcliffe inside, George Delmé and other friends outside.

Such a day! Everything lovely. On the course I was soon spotted by
Captain Rous. Not the enclosure or any part of the course that I had
not access to. Jack Crosbie took me to his father, a smart old soldier
in a neat phaeton, with a pretty daughter by his side. I was invited
to Watergate, and forgot all previous engagements. Portmanteau shifted
from the drag; friends going back had to order my six newly-made
shirts, with cambric front and frills, to be sent after me!

There was another open Crosbie carriage, from which four posters were
being removed. Two handsome girls got out, attended by same number of
brothers, who saw them into the grand stand, but no further.

I recognised many of the Goodwood party, whom I came to know better
later on. There was room for me in the phaeton, with a pleasant drive
of twelve miles across the Sussex Downs to Watergate.

[Sidenote: Aug. 15.]

The last day of the races appeared much too soon.

[Sidenote: Aug. 18.]

I was conveyed to Petersfield, where I caught the Portsmouth
“Regulator,” and so to London. A night with my brother-in-law,
Stephenson, and sister Mary, in Arlington Street. In the morning on by
Norwich “Telegraph” to Larlingford and Quidenham.

[Sidenote: Aug. 29.]

My dear father’s large family told heavily; the Hall was closed, and he
was living in the Parsonage.

At end of the month the kind Duke of Sussex took me with him to Kinmel,
followed by Charlie Gore, his aunt Lady Cæcilia Underwood, and her
brother, Captain Gore, R.N., and others.

[Sidenote: Sept.]

After dinner His Royal Highness smoked the best tobacco, through a
convenient boxwood mouth-piece, which I had charge of.

We, the staff, in the evening wore green coats, with his Royal
Highness’s buttons, buff cloth waistcoats, and trousers.

One afternoon, luckily an hour before dinner-time, I sat on the tail
of my dress-coat; in the pocket was the cigar-holder, shortened by a
quarter of an inch. Colonel Hughes was a clever turner. I ran to him in
my trouble, and he turned what was left so cleverly that no one could
detect it was not new. I watched His Royal Highness changing the holder
in his mouth; he never found out the difference, and I took care that
his black page did not either.

Sir Richard Bulkeley, who married the eldest daughter of Colonel and
Mrs. Hughes in May 1828, lost her within a year; so we were very quiet.
I drove with him in his mail phaeton several trips to Baron Hill at
Beaumaris.

I was much amused by Welsh ways. Farming couples came to market on the
same horse. Women wore tall, pointed hats.

Another old-fashioned house, Fryars, belonged to Bulkeley’s parents,
Sir Robert and Lady Williams. The younger ladies, and their governess,
occupied an adjoining building, St. Margaret’s, into which I was
introduced walking on my hands!

[Illustration: _At St. Margaret’s._]

It was a cheery, happy family. We met in different parts later on.
Baron Hill was burnt down May 1836.

The Menai Suspension Bridge was still a curiosity--the foundation laid
in 1819, first chain, 1825; when a sailor walked across, and on which
a shoemaker, sitting across, completed a pair of boots. The general
opening took place early in 1826.

My friend Charles Paget, in command of the _Procris_, 16, was the first
man-of-war, and, I believe, the last, that sailed through.

There was a family of Williams, near neighbours, at Craig-y-Don. Tom
Williams had two yachts, the _Hussar_ and _Gazelle_. The _Hussar_
was a rakish-looking schooner, but he spoilt her in trying to
make her a man-of-war brig like Paget’s _Procris_. He had capital
shooting--hanging woods on bank of the Menai Straits. I returned there
in later years.

There was also a near neighbour to Kinmel, Sir John Williams, at
Boddlewyddlam. He, too, had a pretty daughter, but the Welsh women were
all charming.

From Kinmel I went with His Royal Highness a short visit to Lord
Ferrars at Ashby-de-la-Zouch. I never saw any one take so much snuff.

[Sidenote: October.]

It was end of October when I got back to London, but the big town was
always gay. “Black-eyed Susan,” at the Surrey, was drawing crowds of
both sexes to cry. But there was an entertainment for a select few,
which I fancied my brother-in-law Stephenson was the life of--“The
Sublime Society of Beefsteaks”; the time, too, of meeting suited me. I
venture to state a few particulars, although far from the wide and open
sea.

There have been, and still are, many Beefsteak Clubs, but the “Sublime
Society” was founded in 1735 by Henry Rich, the famous harlequin. It
consisted of twenty-four members. Among the rules were:

    “Beefsteaks shall be the only meat.

    “Broiling begins at two of the clock; table-cloth removed at
    three of the clock.

    “Any wagers lost to be paid to the treasurer.

    “Any member absenting himself three successive days of meeting,
    unless excused by a majority, shall be expelled.

    “A member allowed one guest, had, if he brought a second, to
    borrow a name.

    “The society consists of a president, a vice-president, a
    bishop, a recorder, a boots.”

The meetings generally broke up in time for the theatres.

In addition to the president’s chair, which was carved in oak, with
a gridiron and motto, “Beef and Liberty” (this chair was bought at
Christie’s in 1867 for H.R.H. the Prince of Wales), each member had a
carved chair with crest and motto.

Among members I see names of Hogarth and Sandwich. Later the number of
members was increased.

Following address presented with a silver cigar-case, which bore the
inscription:--

    “That he may keep us in his mind who lives in our hearts, this
    case is presented to our brother Henry Frederick Stephenson, by
    the hand of his Royal brother, the Duke of Sussex, in his and
    our names, in grateful remembrance of his services. December 4,
    1824.

       Charles Morris.
       John Richards.
       Richard Wilson.
       His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex.
       Samuel James Arnold.
       William Linley.
       W. J. Denison, M.P.
       Henry Brougham (Lord High Chancellor).
       Arthur Morris.
       Thomas Lewin.
       Sir Matthew Wood, M.P.
       General Sir Ronald Ferguson, M.P.
       William Henry Whitbread, M.P.
       James Lonsdale.
       Earl of Suffolk.
       Honble. Admiral G. Dundas.
       W. P. Honeywood.
       Colonel Thomas Wildman.
       Robert Chaloner.
       The Duke of Leinster.
       Sir John Cam Hobhouse, M.P. (Lord Broughton).”

During visits to the Beefsteak Club I made acquaintances which lasted
many years.

[Sidenote: October, November.]

I naturally clung to T. P. Cooke; after a while I drew from him more
about himself. He was the son of a doctor, born in 1786; ten years
after he was in the _Brazen_, 26, at the siege of Toulon, and at
thirteen years of age was at the battle of St. Vincent.

In 1804 he played “Nelson” at Astley’s. I wonder if Nelson ever saw
him. After playing in “Black-eyed Susan” a hundred times at the Surrey,
he went to Covent Garden, where I found him when I returned from sea.
I was present at his last performance on the stage as “William.”

Vauxhall was another agreeable meet; we generally went there by boat.
The Surrey Theatre was same side of the water, where “Black-eyed Susan”
was playing.

[Sidenote: November.]

Sir Richard Bulkeley had kindly offered me the use of his stud at
Melton.

Wishing to see Edward Digby, now quartered with the 9th Lancers, I
booked for Nottingham instead of Leicester. Digby found me quarters in
barracks. The 9th was then, and always has been, a smart regiment, and
my friend, just of age, was, in his stable costume, as fine a specimen
of a man as could well be seen.

Among the good fellows there were Captain Porter, Lieutenant Hope
Grant, and Cornet Jack Spalding, the greatest dandy I ever saw, and
when William IV. shaved the cavalry he left his pet regiment, rather
than part with his moustache.

[Sidenote: November, December.]

During my stay in Nottingham a ball took place, which, owing to the
uniform of the Lancers and the pink coats of hunting men, was a much
more brilliant affair than I had been accustomed to. I was astonished
at the arrival in the middle of the dancing of my friend Wildman, his
wife and sister, from Newstead. They at once decided, as there was no
hunting, I must return with them. Snow falling, they took an early
departure, before midnight.

At 2 A.M. I followed in what was called a “yellow bounder”--a light
carriage on four wheels, without a coach-box, C-springs, and post-boy
riding. I came up with the Wildman coach half-way, snowed up. It was
agreed that I should go with them, and my pair as leaders to their
four.

It took us eight hours to reach Newstead Abbey. We were snowed up
for some weeks, but I did not care. With Mrs. Wildman’s sister, Miss
Preisig, I valsed the evenings away.

[Sidenote: 1830. January.]

However, letters reached at last, bringing my appointment to the
_Galatea_.

I managed to catch the mail at Leicester. It was freezing sharp, and
only one outside place. Luckily, I found a friend, Dr. Pettigrew, who
was attached to the household of the Duke of Sussex. But for him I
think I should have died. Myself fortified with cloaks and rugs, and
the doctor with lozenges, we arrived the following morning at the Bull
Inn, Aldgate. I subsequently found there was more pain in thawing than
being frozen.

My kind friend thrust me into a hackney coach, with all the straw he
could collect from the inn. I started, jolting over the rough pavement,
for my grandmother’s residence, 10 Berkeley Square. Restoring animation
was greater pain than that of freezing, but, being close to Gunter’s,
restoratives were easily had.

[Illustration: _Nearly frozen._]




CHAPTER VII

THE _GALATEA_


[Sidenote: 1830. Portsmouth. Feb. 11, March 6.]

Joined _Galatea_, one of the Channel Squadron, Captain Charles Napier,
C.B.

Joined Lieutenant Alexander Cotton, in place of Lieutenant F. V. Cotton.

[Sidenote: March 11.]

We left Spithead to go to assistance of the _Wolf_, on shore at back of
Isle of Wight: with our boats, and assistance of dockyard lighters, she
was got off during afternoon of following day.

[Sidenote: Mar. 12.]

We returned through the Needles: in running for Spithead with signal
flying, “_Wolf_ saved,” we grounded on the Middle Bank. Still floated
however with rising tide.

[Sidenote: April 5.]

Weighed and ran through Needles Passage; next day becalmed; shipped
paddles, and worked them into Torbay. Sailed following day.

[Sidenote: April 9.]

Plymouth Sound. Saluted the flag of Earl of Northesk.

[Sidenote: June 3.]

On a fine day in June we performed one of those feats that astonished
our shore-going friends. On the 3rd at 3 A.M. the _Galatea_ was lying
at Spithead with royal yards across, and ready for sea. By noon she was
stripped to her gantlings, and the service on the collars of her lower
rigging was repaired. By 7 P.M. she was re-rigged and decks cleared,
supposed to be ready for sea.

[Sidenote: June 27.]

Hoisted colours half-mast on the death of His Majesty George IV.

[Sidenote: June 28.]

Yards manned, and a double royal salute fired on the accession of King
William IV.

[Sidenote: July 15.]

Fired thirty minute-guns on the interment of His late Majesty George IV.

[Sidenote: July 25.]

While off Brighton people visited the ship; mine was by way of being
the show cabin. I was struck by the appearance of a remarkably handsome
couple--alas! now no more. It was some time after that I found out they
were the parents of the present Admiral Heneage and his sister the
Countess of Essex.

[Sidenote: Aug. 16.]

On my father acquainting the king that he had three good horses for
the Goodwood Cup, asked by which horse His Majesty wished to win. “Win
by all three,” said the king. The horses came in in following manner:
Fleur de Lis, 1, Zingaree, 2, and Colonel, 3.

Our Captain had a hobby, which was that he could propel a ship with
paddles which could be easily fixed or withdrawn from a ship’s side.
They were to be propelled by iron winch-handles attached to stanchions
on either side of the main-deck. They did not succeed against the
slightest head-wind. He was much chaffed by the way he spelt the word
“winches” in his semi-official despatch to the Admiralty, which, he
said, “only required stout hands to lay into them.”

In those days any peer visiting a man-of-war was entitled to a salute.
It was my afternoon watch, when a boat from Ryde came alongside with a
party, which turned out to be Earl Spencer; no name better known or
more respected. On finding that the Captain was on shore, he inquired
if there was not a Lieutenant Keppel in the ship. Nothing could have
been kinder; he wanted to take me on shore with him to dine, but I
happened to be the senior officer in charge. I had the honour of
manning yards, and firing the last salute of many his lordship had had.

I need not say that I was relieved in ample time to enjoy an excellent
dinner. Lady Spencer, who was equally fond of the Navy, would have
taken care of me, but I had an appointment that night on the top
of Portsdown, where the famous fair was going on, having secured a
four-oared boat to cross the water, and a horse to take me to the hill.

Having two days’ leave, I drove a Gosport gig to Bishopstoke to visit
my worthy kinsman, Tom Garnier, Dean of Winchester. When I got back,
_Galatea_ had sailed for Lisbon. I was sorry; I wanted to see the place
I had heard so much of from my Portuguese schoolfellows, Alvaro Lopes
Pereira and Francisco Nunes Vizieu. The only thing they had to give me
an idea of the magnificence of Lisbon was an old print of the great
earthquake, which looked to me as if the churches and other buildings
were on a cruise in the Bay of Biscay.

Glanville was promoted from _Tweed_ and appointed to _Pallas_ (Captain
Lord Adolphus Fitz-Clarence), likewise of the Channel Squadron. A party
of us, Frank Scott, George Wodehouse, and self, got the then famous Ned
Neal from London to teach us the noble art of self-defence. We three
had lodgings in St. Thomas’s Street; Glanville was an experienced hand,
but took an interest in our training: there were many to instruct, and
Neal had his hands full.

Hands from the dockyard, after work, were rude, pushing us off the
pavement. However, science began to tell, but with me the wrong way.
Broken nose, upper lip twice cut then, and sewn up. After dark, parties
sallied forth from the “Keppel’s Head.” Both sides met at the Mill Dam,
a sort of neutral ground where constables could not interfere without
writs from both sides.

Tandems, too, were equal to the demand; one of us would drive Mr. Neal,
others acting as convoy as far as Chichester, and there entertain him.
On the whole, our pugilistic meets were conducted quietly; the dockyard
maties treated us more respectfully. In addition to self-defence we had
lessons in driving.

I used to pay half a guinea to Scarlett for being allowed the box-seat,
and to hold the heavy heads of seven or eight teams between Portsmouth
and London. The whip I learned to handle, but after a couple of stages
my arm ached and straightened. As for driving, the horses guided
themselves, and stopped of their own accord within an inch of where
they had to change.

Before the winter set in, Glanville and I determined to entertain Mr.
Ned Neal to a dinner at a respectable house called the Castle Tavern,
Holborn, kept by Mr. Thomas Winter, better known in the pugilistic
world as “Tom Spring.” I think we sat down twenty-two: nothing could
be more decorous. The “whips” exceeded the pugilists in number, but
harmony prevailed. Glanville had Faulkner, of the Rocket, and Tom
Spring, on his right and left, while I had Ned Neal, and the more
magnificent Mr. Scarlett, who was dressed in his usual drab breeches
and white stockings, neat shoes--I suppose he thought tops looked
too shoppy--buff vest, a voluminous white choker over a large plaited
frill. In addition, a flower-garden in the capacious breast of a blue
frock--all for the honour of the Portsmouth “Regulator.” There was
nothing to come near him. Mr. Neal was similar in the lower dress, but
wore a blue tie with small white spots--his own colours. I brought a
great favourite in T. P. Cooke.

The company for some time was very decorous. Ale enough to float a
jolly-boat, topped up with port wine for loyal toasts. Comic songs
finished the evening. Later, the idea of a naval entertainment drew a
cheery crowd outside the Castle Tavern.

[Sidenote: Sept. 10.]

_Galatea_ returned from Lisbon.

[Sidenote: Sept. 14.]

The Right Hon. John Wilson Croker visited the ship and inspected
paddles.

[Sidenote: Oct. 4.]

A garbled account of an accident which befell Lieutenant A. Cotton and
myself, prior to our departure for the West Indies, was published on
October 4 in the local paper.

What really happened was this: Cotton and self, leave up, had to return
on board. He had just taken leave of his parents at the George Hotel.
It was blowing fresh from the south; ebb-tide. We had hired one of the
Isle of Wight wherries. The Poole Packet, a large sailing cutter bound
same way, caught us at entrance of the harbour. There being no room
to spare, our helms were put down at the same time. The end of the
packet’s bowsprit, catching our wherry’s stern, lifted her end over end.

Being the lightest, I was sent farthest, which enabled me to clasp
the end of the cutter’s bowsprit as she dipped. I held on like grim
death, the wind preventing my voice being heard. Every plunge in the
necessarily short tacks ducked me under water.

[Illustration: _The Poole Packet._]

It was only when outside, and clear of the strength of the tide, that
one of the crew discovered and hauled me in. Well outside, we hailed a
man-of-war cutter; I got landed at the Point to look after my friend.
Boats having been at hand, no lives were lost. I found Billy spread out
on a table in a public-house, but, having imbibed something more to his
taste than salt water, he did not recognise me. I hurried off to let
his parents know he was safe. They had, however, left for Cambridge,
comfortably seated behind two pairs of posters.

We sailed that afternoon for Dover, returning to Spithead on the 10th.

[Sidenote: Nov. 14.]

We embarked Governor Sir John Hill and suite for passage to St.
Vincent. Received also smugglers for West Indian station.

A brother officer of mine once told a high personage that if the
service had its due the name of Keppel would not now be on the Navy
List. I perfectly agree with my friend, and should he take the trouble
to finish this chapter, he will be convinced how right he was. He has a
charming wife, and gives very good dinners. I have now, as I write, an
invitation to one.

[Sidenote: Dec. 17.]

On nearing the Tropic we were visited by Neptune, when much the same
eccentricities were performed as described in my account of the _Tweed_
when crossing the “Line.”

A spare topsail was lowered on to the main-deck, the leach-ropes
secured to coamings on upper deck, which when filled with water made
a respectable pond. It was my morning watch. I was contemplating this
bath, when one of the youngsters informed me that the Captain, who had
just come on deck, intended to push me in. Leaning over with hands on
my knees, I felt the sudden pressure on my right shoulder, which gave
way, and the Captain losing his balance, went in instead of me, his
shoes the last of him to disappear.

[Sidenote: 1831. Jan. 7.]

Arrived at Barbadoes.

In those days there were no facilities for watering; we had to hoist
our boom-boats, place in them water-casks which were filled at the most
convenient place to be found; generally near some stream running to the
sea.

This was the case at Barbadoes. The Second Master was sent with the
party. Late in the morning, the officer of the watch, thinking it time
a turn of water should be on its way, observed that not only were the
boats empty, but the crew were rolling about the beach. An officer
and party of marines were sent to bring them off. It was past the
dinner-hour, and Collier, the First Lieutenant, naturally much put out.

Two o’clock was our gunroom hour. Just as I had sat down, a mid
informed me that I was required to go for a turn of water. I was at
once, in cocked hat and side-arms, on deck.

I told Collier that, if he had consulted me, I could have informed him
that the tempting-looking green cocoanuts always tasted strong of new
rum. As it was, I had to go without my dinner. Not another word passed
between us.

Everything went smoothly. In an unusually short time I got back. The
Captain was on deck; I saw him coming, and thought he was going to
compliment me on the smart manner in which my turn of water had been
brought off. He always addressed me in broad Scotch, and began with:

“Meester Karpel, I understand that ye refused to gang for water when
ordered by the _Firrst_ Leaftenant.”

I was riled and hungry, and replied that if the First Lieutenant had
told him that, he had told an untruth.

Old Charlie was furious (I think he had had luncheon), ordered me to
my cabin, and to consider myself under close arrest, to be tried by
court-martial.

I was grieved and hurt, and brooded over my trouble as I took my
solitary meal. I felt, too, for Collier, who was a zealous and good
officer. I had many friends to condole with me--among others, a man
named Lane, whom I had known at Portsmouth; but I think he took his tea
a little too strong, and left our service. He was now mate of a fine
West Indiaman lying in the roads.

After a chat about old times, he supposed he could do nothing for me.
In reply, I thought he was the only person who _could_ do anything.

There were four men-of-war in the roads--_Mersey_, 26; _Ranger_, 28;
_Shannon_, 46--which ensured a dignity ball I meant to attend.

I proposed that at 10 P.M. my friend should have a small boat under the
starboard bow of the _Galatea_, with one hand only to land me, as well
as to take me off when I wanted.

Lane knew remonstrance was useless. After the Master-at-Arms had looked
into my cabin at 10 P.M., and reported “Prisoner safe” to the officer
of the watch, I changed into white frock and trousers, put clothes
bag between the sheets, my shoes outside to be cleaned, passed the
gunroom door sentry as an officer’s servant, bumped under the hammocks
on starboard side of the lower deck, up the fore ladder, through
the bow-port, dropped into my boat, was up the wooden steps of the
landing-place; then there was “such a getting upstairs and a playing
of the fiddle.” I was in the giddy throng doing the double shuffle
opposite a dark beauty, when the name of Old Charlie was called out.

He was not difficult to spot. He threw his coat and epaulettes into a
corner, and was at once performing the Scotch shuffle in my set; in
crossing over for the change, I was collared by my shipmates and pushed
out.

[Illustration: _The Dignity Ball._]

I thought to retrace my steps, when on the landing, which was well
lighted, who should I run against but Captain George Courtney, of the
_Mersey_, with whom Napier had dined! He recognised me in spite of my
disguise. I had known him as the friend of my late kind Captain, Lord
John Churchill. He accosted me with:

“Your name’s Keppel. You are under arrest.”

I touched my hat and said, “Yes; but you won’t say anything.”

He answered, “Get on board as soon as you can, or you will lose your
commission.”

I followed his advice and retraced my steps.

[Sidenote: Jan. 8.]

The next morning I ascertained the prisoner had been reported “Safe”
throughout the night.

[Sidenote: Jan. 9.]

We sailed for St. Vincent the following day. Before landing our
Governor, Sir John Hill, under a salute, with yards manned, he visited
my cabin in full dress.

[Sidenote: Jan. 11.]

We had been on very friendly terms. I see his cocked hat now, with its
fringe of white feathers. He said how sorry he had been on hearing from
the Captain that he had been obliged to place me under arrest, and had
interceded for me.

Captain Napier had given him permission to say that if I would make a
proper apology to the First Lieutenant I should be allowed to return to
my duty.

[Sidenote: Jan. 12.]

Next morning I was sent for to the Captain’s cabin, where I found
Collier. My previous good conduct enabled the Captain to state that, if
I would only express my regret, I might return to my duty. I thanked
the Captain, said I had already written a letter applying for a
court-martial, and that the apology must be made to me.

[Sidenote: Jamaica]

Next day, before arrival at Port Royal, I was ordered to return to
duty. Three years later, at the Old Navy Club in Bond Street, when I
was a Commander, we dined together, and I told him the whole story. Of
course, he was going to try me by court-martial then and there!

While on this station I had the opportunity of making acquaintance with
an interesting people--the Creoles of our West Indies.

These kind people seemed to live by and for the Navy. The wars of the
eighteenth century threw money into their hands, and during Rodney’s
time the ladies gradually lost their dark polish. Commencing as
washerwomen, and supplying officers’ messes, they accumulated money.
Some of them became the owners of slaves. In Jamaica, years after they
had grown into colonists, many emigrated to other islands under our
flag rather than mix with the sugar-planting negroes. But it was by
their cleanliness, kindness, and attention to sick or wounded that they
became so necessary and were the means of saving many lives. It was not
only at Barbadoes, but at Port Royal, Jamaica, St. Vincent, and St.
Lucia that these ladies used to hold their levees and talk freely of
their absent aristocratic relations.

Miss Betsy Austin and Miss Nancy Pugett were celebrated during my time.
They had much dignity, and kept a large number of servants.

On one occasion, when I could not answer for the whereabouts of her
aristocratic son-in-law, Miss Nancy Pugett hazarded the opinion that
“He had gone Norf shoot ’em grouse!”

[Sidenote: Port Royal, Jamaica, Jan. 21.]

Refitted in a few days. Received invalids and officers for passage to
England.

[Sidenote: Jan. 24.]

Weighed with convoy, who parted company as convenient to themselves.

[Sidenote: Feb. 5.]

Anchored off Tampico Bar. Surf too high to admit of landing. Northerly
gale. Ship rolling heavily. Topmasts struck.

[Sidenote: Feb. 14.]

Sailed.

[Sidenote: Off Sacrificios, Feb. 16.]

Unbent sails. Our boats refitted; lower rigging requiring to be turned
in afresh after the stretching off Tampico. Found United States
corvette _Natchetts_ here.

[Sidenote: Feb. 19.]

During my afternoon watch a young officer from the American ship
came on board. He was anxious to speak to our senior midshipman. I
sent to my old friend, Arthur Noad, and introduced them. The officer
stated, “We have received orders from our Congress to amalgamate with
you Britishers, and shall be glad to see you all at dinner on board
our ship.” The following day those who could be spared attended the
invitation. Their midshipmen’s berth, like our own, was on the lower
deck, thrown open for air by the upper part of the bulkhead being on
hinges.

The dinner was good, and a nice feeling and understanding existed.
After dinner the Chairman filled his glass, and proposed “King
and President,” which was drunk with enthusiasm by all, save one
ultra-sensitive American, who, holding up his glass, said, “Here’s to
the President. The King I shall place in the steerage,” chucking at the
same moment the remainder of his wine. The rest of the party broke up
in mutual good humour.

Two days afterwards our mids gave a return dinner, and invited the
gentlemen of the corvette; begging, however, to except the one who had
flung the King in the steerage.

I happened, as before, to be officer of the watch when the excluded mid
came on board and requested an interview with our senior midshipman.
I sent for Noad. The American informed him that he considered he had
been grossly insulted, and demanded satisfaction from one and all the
British midshipmen. I informed the Captain what had happened, who
ordered his gig to be manned, and, directing me to detain the officer,
went on board the _Natchetts_. He returned shortly followed by her
Captain, who asked permission to bring an armed boat alongside, in
which had been placed the chest and other effects of the contumacious
officer.

We found afterwards that the poor fellow had been landed on the
mainland, south of Sacrificios. Considering the character of the
Spanish-Mexican on that coast, it would have been kinder to have kept
his chest and saved his head. Had our Captain been aware of the poor
fellow’s possible fate, intercession would have been made.

[Sidenote: Feb. 16.]

Came to off Tampico Bar. As we were to be here for some time, I
obtained leave for Tennant, one of our mates, to accompany me on an
excursion up the river.

We hired a roomy canoe. Our crew consisted of one young and active
Mexican, his arms, a couple of paddles and a long pole. Our kitchen, a
large iron kettle which stood on a flat stone. We had our mattresses
and mosquito-curtains.

For young sportsmen nothing could be more interesting. The variety of
birds in a tropical climate is extraordinary--curlew and cranes, herons
and storks, parrots and pigeons, ducks with canvas-backs, sea-gulls,
with hawks and eagles to watch over them; porpoises and alligators. The
scenery changed with nearly every bend of the river--patches of jungle
and inland swamp: at all eligible spots, haciendas.

A trifle of money supplied us with eggs and milk, ham and garlic. At
night our canoe was secured to its pole a few yards from the bank,
which saved us visits from an occasional alligator. From the haciendas
we got a variety of deer’s horns merely for taking them away; and
though neither of us spoke Spanish, it was wonderful how soon our
“crew” understood what we wanted. By the time we got back to the ship
we had exceeded our leave by two days.

[Sidenote: Mar. 4.]

We found in our absence the Prince of Würtemburg had visited the ship,
and been received with royal honours.

[Sidenote: Mar. 26.]

A bar at the mouth of a large river is more than a seaman can manage;
the fresh water, trying to force its way into the sea, meets resistance
at points which vary and cause change and position of shoals. River and
sea meeting cause a rise which the occupants of boats cannot see over.

I was sent with the next water-party, consisting of launch, pinnace,
and cutter, myself in a gig. We were clear of the ship just before
daybreak. A nice sea-breeze had set in; not fresh enough to carry a
heavy boat through surf under sail, but sufficient to render pulling
easy. Before nearing the breakers we assembled within hail, that I
might let the officers in charge know what I had noticed during the
weeks we were here in the _Tweed_, as I wished each to use his own
discretion before entering a surf through which no one could see.

“When a wave is rolling in, do not follow close. Directly the crest
of a high wave breaks, its strength diminishes. On entering breakers
keep well clear of one another. The most treacherous of all is a dark
wall of water, which forms at some distance to seaward--say a cable’s
length. It increases in speed and height without apparent cause. Get to
sea beyond the low ends without delay.”

After this sermon I saw the boats separate to select their points
of entrance, and observed young Carrington, in the cutter, select a
place I should have chosen myself, then lost sight of him. On casting
a look to seaward, I found myself caught in the same sort of trap of
which I had given them warning. There was the dark ridge of unbroken
water approaching, and increasing in speed. No time to be lost; head,
luckily, in-shore, mast stept, sail hoisted, halyards and sheet led
aft, which passed under the thwart I held with one hand, tiller ropes
in the other: crew on either side dropped in the water, holding on with
one hand.

[Illustration: _Crossing Tampico Bar._]

Directly I found the wave was carrying us as fast as the wind, I let go
the halyards.

The next moment we were over the bar. A heavier boat must have been
lost.

Our danger was past, but the cutter had been upset. Three of her crew
on shore, were holding the legs of young Carrington up to let the water
run out,--and I too late to save the brightest youngster we had in the
ship.

I detained the assistant-surgeon and sent the heavy boats up for
water. Five of the cutter’s crew were missing, and as the current
naturally set to the southward, the doctor accompanied me along the
beach in search of the missing bodies.

[Sidenote: March 26, 27.]

By noon I had received a sunstroke, and was down in an empty hut near
the beach. The raised surf prevented our being visible from the ship,
but fruit and fresh water were obtained; and by sunset I recovered. In
the morning I was able to join boats as they returned on board.

[Sidenote: Mar. 28.]

Sailed.

[Sidenote: April 9.]

Arrived at Havana. I found the miscalculation of leave at Tampico
prevented my being able to select cigars, but kind shipmates got me the
best for friends at home.

[Sidenote: April 11.]

Sailed for England.

[Sidenote: May 6.]

Arrived at Spithead. Found some amusement in smuggling my good tobacco
on shore, and still more in delivering it to old friends, some of which
contraband found its way to Kensington Palace!

[Sidenote: May 16.]

Once at home, I did not find much difficulty in being placed on
half-pay.

However I soon heard of a ship fitting out at Woolwich that I much
fancied: a razéed frigate, the _Magicienne_.




CHAPTER VIII

THE _MAGICIENNE_


[Sidenote: 1831. July.]

The Channel Squadron was not a station for a poor man. Stephenson
managed my removal through his friend Rear-Admiral the Hon. George
Dundas, still at the Admiralty. I had frequently noticed this gallant
Admiral on horseback, dressed in a blue coat with brass buttons, yellow
leather breeches and mahogany top-boots, wending his way to office.

Sir James Graham had the Admiralty and Sir Thomas Hardy was First Sea
Lord. These distinguished men I came to know better afterwards.

I had no misunderstanding with Captain Napier, and was sorry to part
with his daughter Fanny, as well as a charming family Mrs. Napier had
by a former marriage, who likewise took the name of Napier.

_Magicienne_, 24, was commissioned by Captain J. H. Plumridge, who had
the credit of being a taut hand. She had been a frigate of 42 guns, was
razéed without reduction of spars, thereby adding ten feet more drop to
her courses and a longer run to her fore and main clew garnets.

We were three Lieutenants--Thomas Owen Knox, Fred Hutton, and self.
First Lieutenant keeping no night-watch, Tyndal, a mate, was my relief.

[Sidenote: August.]

Being near the headquarters of our East India Company’s marine, we had
difficulty in getting seamen. Two petty officers and a supply of Union
Jacks were sent with me on a sort of roving commission. With expenses
paid, I rather liked this service, and started for Portsmouth, where
I exhibited one of the flags at the Bedford in Chase, on the Hard,
Portsea. Later another was planted at Plymouth.

It was work not to be done in a day, as when a batch exceeded twenty
it was necessary to take them to the ship at Woolwich. However, I was
tolerably successful, and in the end got a letter of approval from my
Captain.

Tom Knox had a brother in the Scots Fusilier Guards. Each battalion
had its six or eight oared row-gigs, in which it was great fun for the
ladies to go down with the ebb-tide, dine off whitebait at Greenwich,
and return to town in cabriolets. The excitement in going was shooting
London Bridge. When the tide was out there might be a drop of four or
five feet, which required good way on the boat. Many ladies preferred
landing and re-embarking below.

It was now that my turn came. The little innocents were under a
delusion that if a sailor steered there could be no danger; and I,
equally ignorant, and seated between them, with pleasure undertook the
job. However, no accident happened during my time.

[Sidenote: Sept. 8.]

We celebrated the coronation of William IV. Although we had no guns,
there were plenty in Woolwich to salute, and all hands got extra grog
and, in the dockyard, a holiday.

Among the Captain’s numerous visitors whose society I enjoyed, was
Theodore Hook, in whose company no one could have been without finding
he was a remarkable man. His wit was ready and acute.

[Sidenote: Sept. 22.]

His Majesty, accompanied by Queen Adelaide, came to see the launch of
the _Thunderer_, 84. We were in a more fit state to be seen; although
in dock, we had royal yards across, and the band of the Fusilier Guards
on board.

Our Sailor King was in a playful humour, and observing from the
dockyard that the officers had a ladies’ party in the gunroom to lunch,
and the skylight off, made a sign not to be noticed. He dropped the
point of his sword on to the mess-table, holding the knot, to the
astonishment of the ladies and amusement of all. His Majesty wore the
uniform of Lord High Admiral, and was the last holder of that office.

[Sidenote: Nov. 2.]

We sailed from the Basin, came to off Purfleet, and took in powder.

Sailed next day, and came to at the Little Nore, saluting the flag of
Admiral Sir John de la Poer Beresford.

[Sidenote: Nov. 6.]

Came to in the downs; saluted the flag of Rear-Admiral Warren.

[Sidenote: Nov. 10.]

Sailed. Anchored at Spithead, saluting flag of Admiral Sir Thomas Foley.

[Sidenote: Nov. 17.]

Sailed by St. Helens; anchored in Torbay, where we remained three more
days for the last farewell letters, Captain being engaged to be married.

We had the usual sea-voyage, with its porpoises, dolphins, and
flying-fish leaving their train of phosphoric light through the water
at night, especially when the wind had any southing in it. Otherwise I
thought myself too old a mariner to feel any interest.

[Sidenote: Dec. 2.]

The Captain detained the _Neptune_, an American brig, to put more
letters on board, an opportunity we availed ourselves of.

[Sidenote: Dec. 14.]

On board a man-of-war every officer, to the youngest mid, has to send
a copy of his reckoning to the cabin--a good plan as it enables the
Captain to compare and detect errors. These small reckonings were
called “day’s works,” due at 1 P.M. Shortly after 2 P.M. officers were
ordered to assemble in the Captain’s cabin. We stood before the table,
small fry in front.

Our chief, with his left hand full of day’s works, addressed himself to
me, the most nervous and frightened of the assembled lot:

“Mr. Keppel, how is it that your day’s work, unlike the others, always
agrees to a second with that of the masters?”

I, being unprepared, suggested that perhaps I was the only one who took
a _correct_ copy.

There was a small titter, which was growing into a laugh, when we were
ordered to quit the cabin.

[Sidenote: Dec. 18.]

Sunday, 1 A.M.--It was my middle watch, when smoke was reported as
issuing from under the hatch of the gunner’s storeroom. As the keys
of that and other storerooms had been returned at sunset to the First
Lieutenant’s cabin, and the fore magazine passage opened into said
storeroom, while rushing down, I called out to beat to quarters, put
ship before the wind, and reported to the Captain.

Ship’s company was in order, men promptly in their station, lower sails
clewed up, and water-cocks turned on. On removing the fore hatch,
flames rushed up, met by a deluge of water. The fore sail-room was on
fire: spare topsail however was ablaze, but extinguished before it
reached the quarter-deck.

The fire, by great exertions, was got under; though we had a narrow
escape. Woodwork forming bulkhead of the magazine was burnt through the
copper lining. At 3.45 A.M. the watch was called.

[Sidenote: Dec. 23.]

With the exception of a good day’s target practice, nothing particular
occurred till the end of the year, when we arrived at Rio, and I once
more beheld the most beautiful harbour in the world.

[Sidenote: 1832. Jan. 1.]

We found _Warspite_, 76, bearing the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas
Baker, commanded by Captain Charles Talbot; _Dublin_, 56, Lord James
Townshend; _Pylades_, 18, Commander Edward Blanckley. Saluted flag of
the Rear-Admiral with 11 guns, the Brazilian flag with 21.

While we were here the young Prince, who was born when I was at Rio,
Christmas, 1824, held a levee, which I, with the Captain, attended.

[Sidenote: Jan. 5.]

Weighed at daylight, and ran out of Rio Harbour with the land-breeze.
We soon got into the trade winds. Communicated with a whaler off
Tristan d’Achuna.

Captain not caring to call at the Cape, we kept to the southward, and
held our breeze the longer.

[Sidenote: Jan. 30.]

In 41° 30′ we had a run of 258 miles, which we thought something of.
However, we were soon under close-reefed main topsail and reefed
foresail, and lost a poor fellow overboard, who was putting in a
deadlight.

[Sidenote: Feb. 13.]

Made St. Paul’s Island, which most ships like to do, to ensure their
reckoning.

[Sidenote: Feb. 17.]

Observed a ship on the horizon with sails furled. She proved to be
an East Indiaman, the _Marquis of Huntley_, having carried away her
rudder. We sent assistance and supplied bar iron and spike-nails.
Remained by until she was safe to proceed. A seaman named Leaves fell
from aloft, but, having struck the quarter-davit, we could not recover
the body.

[Sidenote: March 8.]

I now come to an event in my life which I would fain leave out, but
having promised to tell the “truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth,” must go on.

We were off Ceylon, hoping to reach Trincomalee the following day. Mine
was the second dog-watch, which had come to an end, and a squall was
brewing. Tyndal, although the son of a Judge, was not a smart relief.
It was near one bell before he came up, and the squall came down. I
appeared in the gunroom as if I had been overboard, seated myself at
the table, and called for grog.

Now, Hutton, who for his cheery disposition was named “Dirk Hatterick,”
came behind, and as I was about to console my shivering timbers, my
chair tilted backwards, the contents of the glass caught Dirk in the
tender part of his eyes. He rushed in pain to his cabin, while I
consoled myself with a second edition. Here the affair might and ought
to have ended, but for my folly.

The following day, while seated with Knox at the gunroom table, Hutton
on deck looking out for a meridian altitude, Knox asked Hutton up the
skylight the latitude, which was given.

I remarked, “You can’t go by Dirk’s reckoning.” To which Hutton
retorted: “Mr. Keppel, I want none of your remarks.” I was up on the
instant, and told him that if he had thrown grog in _my_ eyes he would
have heard of it by this time.

Now, there were two Irishmen on the station about my age, the very boys
to arrange matters. They had both been at the Naval College with me.
One, Lloyd, belonged to the ship.

[Sidenote: Mar. 10.]

Arrived Trincomalee. Found, as I expected, _Crocodile_, 28, Captain J.
W. Montague.

O’Brien soon visited me. I already had a visit from Lloyd, sent by
Hutton: demanding “Apology or satisfaction.” O’Brien knew exactly how
the ropes led on shore. These affairs do not require talk. “Half an
hour before sunset, outside the fortifications.” Officers of garrison
had gone to dress for dinner. Everything quiet. Duelling pistols were
heavy, ugly things: single barrels, a foot long. But in those days the
refinement of detonating caps, instead of flint and steel, had been
introduced.

O’Brien had obtained a surgeon and the necessary instruments. Our
friends seemed to understand their business. Ground of twelve paces
measured. Lloyd was to drop a white handkerchief. As I had been the
aggressor, I did not wish to draw blood, but held straight enough to
make my opponent believe I meant business.

As the handkerchief dropped, Hutton fired low and sprinkled me with
gravel. Our seconds, unlike Irishmen, held counsel, and said honour was
satisfied. _I_ know I thought so; but Hutton declared for “Apology or
blood.”

On retaking our places, I began to think that I would rather bleed Dirk
than die myself. When the handkerchief fell I thought I had spotted
him. His pistol missed fire. My ball went through the thick part of his
cap, and I was saved a life’s misery. Seconds declined to load again,
and recommended the necessary shaking of hands. Hutton stated that I
should go to him. I refused to go more than halfway way, which the
seconds decided was just, and so ended the affair.

O’Brien, thinking I might be able to eat a small supper, provided that
pleasant meal at the quarters of his friend Holyoake, 78th Highlanders.
I said my prayers more earnestly that night.




CHAPTER IX

THE _MAGICIENNE_


[Sidenote: 1832. March.]

Trincomalee is a beautiful and extensive harbour, which had been taken
and retaken by the Dutch and ourselves several times during the last
century, and at the Peace of Amiens, in 1802, was ceded to England.

In 1702 many pretty naval actions were fought off the island, in which
our neighbours appear to have got the worst. In the centre of the
harbour is Sober Island, about which our liberty men delighted to roam.
Jack had discovered sundry little secret dells, in which, if after
sunset you planted a rupee, on the following morning would find it had
grown into a bottle of samshoo! The island belonged, I believe, by
purchase to Commander Henry Ellis.

Off the dockyard was a useful old hulk, the _Arrogant_, on board which
Divine service was held on the Sabbath Day; and after dinner came
“Sober Island,” with its usual results.

[Sidenote: Mar. 12.]

The _Southampton_, 52, arrived. We saluted the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir
E. W. Owen, K.C.B.

[Sidenote: Mar. 15.]

The dark owner of a small farm brought a report of an invasion by
elephants on his premises, destroying a plantation of cocoanuts,
yam, and fruit, and if gentlemen sportsmen liked to come at night he
was ready to show the way. This was indeed a chance. There was no
difficulty in getting up a night picnic. Climate perfection--coolies
willing.

Towards midnight it came over a thick mist. Curries and songs expended.
Our guide professed to scent Gadjá, and proposed an advance.

We were led into a low jungle bordering a pâdi-field, but so dark
you could scarcely see your hand. However, we could hear there was
something alive, and my attention was called to a darker patch, into
which we were directed to fire. There was a groan and a splash. It
was too dark to follow, and our guide proposed the search should be
postponed until after breakfast.

When I got back I found myself invited to dine with the Admiral, who
had been informed of my night picnic. The dinner was a grand affair,
the Admiral’s band, ladies of officials, and all the Captains present.

On retiring from the table, as we sat pretending to enjoy the music,
the Secretary brought a letter to the Admiral, written in Tamil
characters. Interpretation as follows:

  “TO HIS EXCELLENCY’S REAR-ADMIRAL, SIR E. W. OWEN, K.C.B.,
    COMMANDER OF HIS MAJESTY’S NAVY AND EAST INDIA’S SEAS.

    “_The Humble Petition of Conanyaga Modr Tillenadin_

    “MOST HUMBLY SHEWETH,

    “That the petitioner most humbly and submissively begs leave
    to acquaint Your Excellency that on Thursday, March 15, 1832,
    about ten o’clock at night, three gentlemen of the ship
    _Magicienne_ came hunting in the China village, and adjoining
    a pâdi-field the petitioner’s buffaloes were grazing, the
    buffaloes never being accustomed to be confined or be tied
    up to a stick in the night-time. The said gentlemen shot
    petitioner’s three buffaloes, which died that night. Two
    measures of milk daily was received from one. One she-buffalo
    was big, and another has a calf of one month old, which is
    alive now, but will not live long for want of the mother.

    “Therefore petitioner most submissively prays Your Excellency
    will be graciously pleased to favour the petitioner by having
    justice done to him. The cattle valued is the lowest at the sum
    of six pounds.

    “For which act of favouring the petitioner is in duty bound.

    “(Signed)

    “TRINCOMALEE,
    “_March 16, 1832_.”

I had the account settled, but my firm belief is that the writer of the
petition and our guide were one and the same person.

[Sidenote: Mar. 29.]

Arrived _Comet_, 18, Commander A. A. Sandilands. _Imogene_, 28, Captain
Price Blackwood.

[Sidenote: April 12.]

_Alligator_, 28, Captain G. R. Lambert.

[Sidenote: April 17.]

My first night’s supper at Holyoake’s quarters was an introduction to
these kind Highlanders. Captain Forbes appeared to have had several
elephant-shooting parties. Holyoake had been in more than one, with
some narrow escapes. But now he was all for smaller game.

Snipe-shooting in India is an attractive sport, but after sunrise
birds lie closer, while you are the less inclined to retire to your
comfortable rest-house.

As the ground was distant seventeen miles, eleven of which lay through
dense jungle, we were off before daylight, and arrived in good time,
enjoying such sport as is found nowhere except in the Far East,
returning to a breakfast of curry and rice, tobacco, etc.

“Sport” not being in my Captain’s dictionary, it was necessary to
renew my leave, which, being confined to four-and-twenty hours, obliged
me to return to the ship.

Having observed as we came fresh tracks of elephants, I made anxious
inquiries as to what I should do if I came across one. My anxiety was
laughed at. I was assured that the only danger lay in meeting a male
detached from the herd.

I had advanced some four miles in the jungle, which was anything
but a straight path, when my horse began to snort and show signs of
uneasiness. On entering the next bend, I saw, to my horror, a huge
elephant blocking the way.

Remembering instructions, I held up my arms and bellowed out, which
drew attention. He put out his trunk, as if to smell what I was, and
trumpeted. The sound pierced through me. He flapped his ears, which
looked like barn-doors, and rushed at me. My horse sprang round in the
narrow jungle-path. The elephant was then close, and nothing but my hat
coming off, which he stopped to examine, gave me a start.

The ground was uneven, being, in fact, the dried-up bed of a mountain
stream. As I had to avoid obstacles at times, the brute gained on me,
I meanwhile suffering the torture of fright. After some four miles,
coming to the edge of a lake, which I had passed in the morning, I
observed that the elephant had stopped.

[Illustration: _An Elephant in Chase._]

My horse was not fit for many yards further, and the heat of the sun
reminded me I had no hat. I pulled up to have a look at my enemy, who
placed himself on the edge of the jungle I had just cleared. I profited
by this to make a head-covering of my pocket-handkerchief, then
carefully examined the monster, feeling I had the advantage of level
ground. With his trunk he threw up an amount of dust and dirt, which
descended on his back, driving away clouds of flies. One would have
thought his hide impervious to such tiny foes.

I continued my retreat, with such speed and dignity as my poor horse
was capable of, to the rest-house. I found my companions luxuriating
in sleep and tobacco. Exhausted by my adventure, I threw myself into a
chair and sang out “Grog!” One of my friends remarked:

“Why, it’s Keppel back again!”

I had strength enough to exclaim I had seen an elephant, which caused
a roar of laughter. They declared I must have come across a rogue
detached from the herd.

Soon refreshed, I stated that I must start again for the harbour. The
good Adjutant, John Edward Bull, kindly lent me his horse. I described
the place where I had left the elephant, and as they did not think
he would have moved far, my friends decided to try a shot at him.
Unfortunately, on examining the ammunition, they found themselves
prepared for snipe only.

I then asked for a convoy. The whole party turned out, and two coolies
were told off to keep a hundred yards in advance.

We found the elephant where I left him. He charged the coolies,
who plunged into the lake, re-landing in the jungle; the elephant
disappeared. The party returned to the rest-house, while I went on my
way.

Before sighting the advance, my nerves got another shock. I heard
a crash through the jungle. It was no use retreating. A glimpse of
daylight broke from above, showing a troop of a thousand monkeys,
jumping in a westerly direction along the upper branches of the jungle
bushes. On discerning me chattering increased.

A boat, nearer the _Magicienne_ than the dockyard, was waiting for me.

Back in my cabin, I felt how much I needed rest and quiet.

[Sidenote: April 21.]

Sailed with _Crocodile_, but, to keep company with our senior while off
the wind, we had to lower topsails on the cap.

[Sidenote: April 24.]

We arrived at Madras Roads.

Madras is an open roadstead, safe only during the westerly monsoon.
Surf always breaking on the beach. Communication with the shore only
by native boats, called _masúlas_. These curious boats are built of
mango-wood, caulked with straw and sewn together with cocoanut fibre.
Their length is about thirty feet, by ten broad, with a depth of seven
or eight feet. They are propelled by oars with round, flat ends. The
crew consists of a dozen natives and a _tindal_, who steers, and leads
the song, which, discordant though it is, is a help in the movement of
the boat; the time depends on the rate of the surf.

Letters, called _chits_, are conveyed by naked natives in
catamarans--three misshapen logs lashed together by _rôtans_, and
propelled through, not over, the waves. Sharks, too, were in close
attendance--apparently for company only.

The changes of monsoon, in May and October, are often accompanied by
hurricanes.

I always thought the East Indies the pleasantest of stations while
governed by the good old John Company. Their liberality was unbounded.
Such a thing as an hotel or lodging-house was not to be found. On
your landing at either of the Presidencies, coolies were in waiting,
and there was almost a fight between the _daibashes_ as to who should
get possession of your portmanteau; while yourself was carried off in
a palanquin on the shoulders of four dark coolies, who bore you in
triumph to their master’s house.

Such were our princely merchants. The liberality of John Company
exceeded everything. Not only was a commissioned officer’s pay
doubled--it was called _batta_--but the Company kept houses furnished
at all stations to which a man-of-war could go. Servants, plate, and
linen were found. The cooking, too! Such curries as I had never even
dreamed of!

Tiffin appeared to be the meal of the day, in which the gentler sex
joined. Bass’s pale ale, and claret, cooled by saltpetre, were the
rival drinks.

Perry, Dare and Co. were the Navy agents, who were second to none in
hospitality.

News had reached Madras of fresh disturbances at Nanning, on the Malay
Peninsula. We sailed.

[Sidenote: May 14.]

Anchored at Nancowry Harbour, one of the Nicobar Group, sailing
following day.

[Sidenote: May 19.]

Arrived at Penang; remained only long enough to take in stores and
freight for service. Penang was notorious at this time for fever, which
attacked the young men most severely: few under thirty recovered.

[Sidenote: June 6.]

We anchored off Malacca, some distance from the shore, owing to the
shallowness of the water, which caused an unpleasant rolling motion.

The authorities sat in council on our arrival. John Company had had
trouble with different chiefs. In 1830 the Rajah of Nanning, Dool
Sayd, was in rebellion, in which he was abetted by neighbouring petty
chiefs. He had then seized territory adjoining our settlement of
Malacca.

The following year the Company despatched a force of 5000 men. It
was not successful, and they had to retire on Malacca, leaving two
six-pounder brass guns in the jungle.

The province of Nanning, distant from the coast, was only reached by
river. Authorities decided that, while the troops prepared to advance
by land, our boats were to blockade the rivers Lingghi, Moowar, and
Kissang, embracing some sixty miles of coast.

Here is the copy of my first order:

    “By James Hanway Plumridge, Esq.
    Capt. of His Majesty’s Ship _Magicienne_, and
    Senior Officer, Malacca.

    The Government having resolved upon the blockading the rivers
    Lingy, Moowar, and Kissang, and issued proclamation thereof.

    You are hereby required and directed after visiting the boats
    named in the margin and taking care to see they are provided
    with arms, ammunition, stores, and provisions for eight days
    for their several crews, to proceed to the entrance of the
    Moowar river and there remain till further orders.

    Should boats persist in endeavouring to force their way down,
    or do not return without gunshot, you will detain them, landing
    their guns on shore except the person in charge, and send their
    boats to Malacca. All proas and boats are in the first instance
    to be warned off, and informed the river is under blockade both
    ways; and it is my direction that you use all the diligence and
    means in your power to keep the said river in a complete and
    effectual state of blockade.

    I rely on your forbearance and vigilance in the execution of
    these duties, and have little doubt you will acquit yourself
    as much to my satisfaction as when last on detached service.

    Given under my hand on board His Majesty’s Ship _Magicienne_ at
    Malacca this 10th day of June 1832.

    (Signed)       HANWAY PLUMRIDGE, Capt.

    To Lieutenant the Honble. Henry Keppel,
    of His Majesty’s Ship _Magicienne_.”

I felt much interest in this small expedition. My force consisted of
the _Diamond_, hired schooner, mounting four noisy brass guns; she also
carried a four-oared gig for my particular use. Besides this, there was
a schooner-rigged pinnace and seven man-of-war boats. We were attended
from Malacca by a mixture of Dutch, Portuguese, and Malays, in various
floating craft.

A larger river, the Lingghi, to the eastward, was commanded by Hutton.
The line of coast blockaded extended sixty miles. Before taking up my
blockading position, we had a ceremonious visit to pay the chief whose
rivers we were about to occupy.

The Rajah of Moowar was a loyal adherent of the Government, but he was
without the power to prevent the munitions of war passing into the
Nanning territory.

From the ship, although some way off, I was enabled to obtain
assistance to make a suitable display on presenting the official
letter, as well as the sword which had been added.

The palace, like most Malay buildings, projected into the water, where
it is supported on piles, and shaded by _kadjangs_. The blockading
fleet was anchored opposite, in line. A Malay royal salute consists of
3 guns only, but unluckily there is no limit to the number of salutes.

The senior mid, Mr. D. B. Bedford, an intelligent youth, undertook
the office of master of ceremonies, and appointed himself to carry
the colours, while I was of too great importance to do any more than
I could help! We landed from a procession of boats: a Marine officer,
Lieutenant Ford, and myself bringing up the rear.

A high-caste Malay is never in a hurry. The important part of the
ceremony, to them, consisted in the length of time they could keep us
waiting. _I_ considered myself second only to the Rajah in importance;
but it was evident that I was eclipsed by Lieutenant Ford, of the Royal
Marines, in his red coat and tall feather.

After a time, by a side-opening, there appeared a yellow-silk
canopy supported on poles, which sheltered His Highness. He wore a
red-and-green handkerchief round his head, with a corner sticking up.
His legs well through dark-red trousers, a Highland-looking sarong, and
a beautiful gold-embroidered _kris_ inlaid with precious stones, stuck
in his waist.

After shaking of hands and a palaver through interpreters, the letter
was presented, amid the cheers of the _fleet_! and salutes from the
brass guns. The same was repeated when the sword was delivered. Coffee
and sweetmeats were carried by ladies of the harem.

[Illustration: _A Royal Salute._]

Here my assistants showed symptoms of weariness. I noticed that
the Rajah flinched as each gun went off. Wanting to accelerate the
departure of the kind assistance I had received from the ship, which
was over twenty miles off, I ordered another salute to be fired. The
good Rajah became very anxious that I should be informed that the reply
to the letter would be forwarded without delay to the “General of the
Honourable Company” at Malacca. As I saw he began to look really ill,
I let him off the last salute, and thus concluded the ceremony.

My friends from the _Magicienne_ came on board the _Diamond_, where I
had prepared a blow-out of chickens boiled in pea-soup and onions, to
be washed down by Bass’s pale ale, to which they did ample justice.
They then departed, leaving me alone in my glory.

Presentation of the letter and sword to the Rajah over, and my
assistants from the ship not in sight, I arranged my small fleet. By
a convenient bend of the river, we could move to a position out of
sight of the palace. Bedford in pinnace, and two native boats, armed,
carrying eight men each, had to blockade the mouth of the Kissang,
keeping a good look-out for signals.

The _Diamond_ lay nearer the western side of the Moowar, with a
war-boat at a respectable distance ahead and another astern of her. The
other seven boats formed a line nearer the eastern shore, just within
hail of one another, leaving an open space in the middle of the river
for prizes. To each boat was attached a canoe, which of course was the
“Captain’s gig.” The whole was arranged in less than an hour, when I
was glad to get back to the _Diamond_.

I had an interpreter who likewise played the fiddle, a good native
curry cook, my gig’s crew and three Royal Marines for sentries, a
corporal who did officer. The company of midshipmen commanding boats
could be obtained by signal.

Quiet as the jungle was by day, with its savage inhabitants, we were
little prepared for their midnight carousals, when they came to
wash their mouths out. The first roar sounded so loud, while I was
dreaming, that I fancied my _Diamond_ had been carried by boarding, and
that my reign was over, ere it had well begun.

The following day the Rajah granted an audience. I took my coxswain and
interpreter only. Nothing could have been nicer or more gentlemanlike.
He was evidently a keen sportsman, but a spear more to his hand than a
double barrel. He informed me that the jungle contained elephants, a
few of them white; tigers and black panthers, buffaloes and wild cattle
(_Bos gaurus_), large Samba deer, wild-pig, small bears, besides a
variety of monkeys.

He presented me with a handsome spear, seven feet long. Below the blade
there was a foot of wrought gold, very handsome; and then human hair,
reddish, but whether natural or dyed I could not tell. By virtue of
this royal spear I could demand anything. I have it now. Orders had
already been given that nothing should be received without payment in
full.

Being fond of a stroll with gun, coxswain carrying ammunition, I went
for a short distance into the jungle. Observing on the top branch of a
high tree,--some ninety feet from the ground, a round-looking lump, I
fired. It fell; on my running up, a little monkey jumped from under. A
large Brahmin kite, at a stoop, seized the child. A piece of wood at
hand enabled me to throw near enough to cause the kite to drop it. The
poor little thing ran for protection to the murderer of its mother. It
was the first monkey I ever shot; needless to say, it was the last.

On board, we found it was badly hurt. The kite’s talons had penetrated
the skin; the wounds were dressed, and it was made over to the care
of a kind mid, by name Glynn. But where the claws had penetrated
maggots bred: rum would not destroy them; it was thought kinder to let
the little thing get tipsy on sugar and rum, and when in a state of
insensibility commit the little body to the deep.

The Rajah soon found out that I was fond of sport. He now took me in
his state boat to a spot up the river towards the Rumbau range, which
heads the Moowar.

On landing, he led me to an opening, and, seated on a fallen tree, we
saw at least five hundred elephants with young ones at foot, passing
quietly through the low jungle, the elders breaking off the tender
green shoots, and so feeding their young. The whole mass moved in a
slow and solemn manner. The males were excluded. A sight that I shall
never forget!

[Illustration: _Elephants with Young at Foot, Moowar Valley._]

Dark quickly follows sunset.

Wishing to test the alertness observed on board my puny fleet, I sent
secretly, beyond the bend of the river, a Malay with a cocoanut-oil
lamp, to be placed with lighted wick so as to float down close to the
bushes. The stream was running fresh.

[Sidenote: July.]

About 9 P.M. heard the first hail; the second was followed by the
report of a musket, and so repeated down the line. My imaginary enemy
floated out to sea, the Chief having made no signal to chase. Soon all
was quiet until the denizens of the jungle announced their thirst.

One morning the Rajah borrowed a three-pounder brass swivel he had
noticed on board. An hour later I heard a report and started in the
gig. It was a pull against stream and a scramble over deep marshy
ground, which was worse for us than for Malay guides, which the Rajah
had sent, knowing the report of the swivel would bring me.

We found His Highness had had a climb. With the three-pounder swivel he
had broken the near hind-leg of a female elephant just above the lower
joint. As we came up the poor beast made a fresh attempt to escape. As
the Rajah appeared to be indifferent, I thought it would be a mercy to
put her out of misery.

In Ceylon, the vulnerable spot in the forehead had been pointed out to
me. A rifle-shot put her out of misery. It was amusing to see the ease
with which the young one, by a swing of the leg, turned over any one of
the boat’s crew who attempted to pass the painter over its head.

[Illustration: _Blue-jackets in Chase._]

As morning broke, a refreshing rifle-shot was generally to be found by
a sleeping alligator on the mud. If you hit him, he would slide into
the river. I have often fancied they do not hear: within a couple of
inches, I have struck rocks and mud without disturbing them.

During frequent excursions with the Rajah, I penetrated the
domesticities of elephant life: guided by Malays to selected spots in
the jungle. I have seen beds prepared of soft young branches, about
three feet deep, neatly squared off like a well-made stable litter.
This, it appears, is an attention paid by the male to his consort.

One evening, observing from the _Diamond_ a huge alligator asleep on
the mud, some distance up the opposite shore, I embarked with one Malay
lad in a small canoe, and paddled up-stream far up on the opposite
bank, hoping to drop down in time with the tide, to get a shot that
might take effect.

On reaching the place, I found marks which showed he had slid off the
bank. I had given up all hopes of him, and was plunging my steering,
pointed, paddle deep into the water. It struck something hard, and I
found the alligator directly under the canoe; his head appeared under
the port-bow, his tail lashing the water, covering myself and native
boy with mud. Why the brute did not capsize us and make a meal, I
cannot imagine, for the canoe was balanced athwart his back. I believe
he was more startled, if possible, than we were.

A few days after this little ruse, I received information from the
Rajah that a large prahu was running a cargo in the jungle, two
miles to the southward of the entrance to the Moowar. The boats of
the squadron were getting ready, while I, with the interpreter and a
double-barrelled rifle, started at once to seaward, and found a large
trading-boat endeavouring to make sail. As soon as I got within reach,
a ball from my rifle caused both sails to be lowered. By this time she
had opened the mouth of the river: there was no further trouble. The
interpreter pointed out her berth in the centre of the river.

The Nanning war was now over, the Company had recovered their guns,
and the natives glad to come to any terms. The blockading squadron was
recalled to the ship. This expedition, which I thoroughly enjoyed,
lasted from June 10 to August 23.

A few days after I rejoined the ship a boat came alongside, with the
young elephant on board, and messengers from the Rajah asking me to
accept it as a parting gift. Needless to say, it was a present my smart
Captain would not permit me to accept.

I was sorry to part with my good friend the Rajah. So persuaded was
he of my merits, that he solemnly offered me the hand of his daughter
in marriage, on condition that I would become his heir and succeed
him on the throne of Moowar. It was no idle jest. His Highness wrote
officially to the Powers at Penang, and for some years the document was
to be seen in the Government offices.

I have endeavoured to obtain a copy of this flattering proposal; but
the lapse of time, the changes of administration in the affairs of
the Straits Settlements, to say nothing of the ravages of white ants,
preclude my presenting it to my readers.




CHAPTER X

THE _MAGICIENNE_


[Sidenote: 1832. Sept.]

We next had a pretty run down the Straits; sky sails and royal studding
sails, passing everything, opium clippers included.

[Sidenote: Sept. 5.]

Arrived at Singapore, where Robert Ibbetson was Resident; should like
to have remained longer at this charming place, but my turn came later.

On October 1 we were threading our way through this “sea of islands,”
leadsman in the chains, heading for Batavia. Mr. George Bonham, a
member of the Government, was the guest of our Captain, who fancied he
could not bear the smell of tobacco.

It was my first watch. Bonham, who could not sleep, about six bells
came to me in his distress. The Straits were subject to squalls. I
bid the Quartermaster “put the Captain’s skylight on,” and then told
Bonham he might fire away. By the time his cigar was finished, the
“_threatened_” squall had passed, and the Captain allowed to breathe
freely.

[Sidenote: Sept. 8.]

We landed Mr. Bonham at Batavia, and sailed next day, saluting the
Dutch flag.

[Sidenote: Sept. 10.]

At midnight we hailed the United States corvette _Peacock_. He was at
quarters, clear for action.

[Sidenote: Oct. 3.]

Having passed through the Straits of Sunda, arrived at Trincomalee
October 3.

We had no night elephant-shooting this time, but much fun in company of
the Highland Regiment.

[Sidenote: Oct. 15.]

Sailed for Madras. Five days after, during the middle watch, we fell in
with the _Lady Flora_, General Sir Frederick Adam, the newly-appointed
Governor, on board. Our Captain, doing the civil, sent me with an offer
to convey despatches to Madras.

As no one of importance was likely to be out of his cot, I went in
night-watch costume and delivered the message. Considering that we were
within a hundred miles of the anchorage, the Captain did not seem to
take the offer as any compliment to his _Lady Flora_; nevertheless,
he caused a jar of preserved ginger to be put in the boat as a
contribution to the “midshipmen’s mess.”

[Sidenote: Oct. 23.]

We arrived at Madras.

[Sidenote: Oct. 25.]

Two days after, on attending my Captain at the Governor’s levée, Ford,
the Captain of the _Lady Flora_, was astonished to see the mid to whom
he had given the ginger, wearing epaulettes. It was my good-fortune to
be able to make the acquaintance of another of Wellington’s Generals,
and one so distinguished, too, at Waterloo. It was some years after
before the K.C.B. and K.C.M.G., well-earned decorations, were bestowed.
The General strongly resembled his brother Charles, at this time
Rear-Admiral of the White.

Sir Frederick Adam relieved the Right Hon. Stephen Lushington as
Governor.

The houses allotted the naval officers by the Company were on the Mount
Road, a charming promenade. I had a kinsman in Henry, another son of
Dean Garnier. He belonged to a Madras cavalry regiment, but just now
had command of the Governor’s bodyguard. The horses were thoroughbred
Arabs, beautiful to look at, but dangerous to play with. Nevertheless,
after galloping home from a morning ride, dismounting, and hungry for
breakfast, these same horses, deprived of saddle and bridle, would walk
into the bungalow, and eat bread from our hands.

On the Mount Road, near a native hut, between which and the road,
was an elephant, lamed from having trodden on a glass bottle. It
was attended by a native vet. Before any one knew that the vet was
approaching, he would commence a melancholy moan, and swing his huge
limb backwards and forwards until the dressing was commenced. This
little game was repeated daily while we were there.

[Sidenote: Nov. 3.]

We sailed from Madras, and amused ourselves at sea until 24th, when we
arrived at Penang, a gem of an island.

During our first visit the war with Nanning engrossed all our time;
thus, we were unable to spend any time on shore, or explore its
beauties. The road by the coast is shaded by a succession of the
prettiest and coolest-looking bungalows. After business hours some
officials retire to the luxuriously cool Government houses on the
heights.

At the foot of the hill is a refreshing waterfall; just at the angle
where you turn off among the shady forest trees on the path ascending
to the Government buildings. The view from the top is perfection. On
one side is Sumatra, with its Acheen Head to the north-west; on the
other, the Peninsula, stretching away south to Singapore. On the ruins
of a fort there was an old, long brass gun with the arms of Queen
Anne. A strait of one mile and a half separates Penang from the Malay
Peninsula. Tigers and alligators common on both sides. There was more
than one instance of a tiger clinging at night to the accommodation
ladder of a trader for rest, when tides were fresh.

[Sidenote: Malacca, Dec. 1.]

Anchored at Malacca, an interesting old Dutch place. The Stadt House,
where the Resident lived, was built on a low hill facing the sea, and
beautifully cool. The first-floor was approached by a carved ebony
staircase.

A little further to the southward, on a higher hill, stands the old
Church of Notre Dame del Monte, in which St. Francis Xavier had
preached. Lower down are the remains of the city wall, with the Dutch
arms still clinging to it.

Malacca is one of the oldest settlements in the East. Captured by the
English in 1795, restored in 1818, and finally ceded to England in
exchange for Sumatra in 1824, which may account for the Queen Anne gun
at Acheen Head.

[Sidenote: Dec. 21.]

Returned to Madras.

[Sidenote: 1833. January.]

Cannot call our first cruise this new year one of pleasure. It was
in search of an imaginary shoal, supposed to have been discovered by
_Melville_, 74, flagship, in 17° 16′ north latitude, and 85° 57′ east
longitude. We kept deep-sea leads going in the chains, as well as in
pinnace and launch, on either side with one hundred fathoms of line.
Gave it up at end of ten days. It reminded me of Jack’s rhyme:

    Six days you shall work as hard as you are able,
    On the seventh, holy stone decks and black the chain cable.

[Sidenote: Jan. 26.]

Returned to Madras, where we remained until end of the month.

[Sidenote: Jan. 31.]

We sailed for Calcutta.

[Sidenote: Feb. 10.]

Came to off the Sandheads. Interesting to see the pains taken by
the gentleman-like pilots. Quartermasters were no longer trusted; our
lead-lines marked by themselves to feet instead of fathoms, with their
own leadsmen in the chains.

George Malthers, Royal Marine, died.

[Sidenote: Feb. 11.]

The Marine officer, Lieutenant Ford, no relation to the Captain of
the _Lady Flora_, and myself were sent to Diamond Harbour to bury the
deceased.

Poor Ford was not young. His commission on entering the service as
Lieutenant, the rank he now held, was dated the year in which I was
born; he was, moreover, lame from gout.

We landed at what was called the rest-house. There were rest-houses
all over the Company’s dominions, and I believe are still. The
burial-ground was over a mile away.

The country for some distance was divided into pâdi-fields by
embankments some twelve feet high, thence, into squares about twenty
feet broad, extending for miles. The young pâdi was just beginning to
rise from its bed of mud.

On our return, walking slowly with Ford, having just passed a buffalo
cow, we came to a pretty little calf, which I patted on the back. All
at once I heard a snort, and the next moment I was in the air,--cocked
hat, sword, Prayer-book flying in all directions; myself descending to
the pâdi-field, which held an additional four feet of mud.

[Illustration: _Returning from the Funeral._]

Boat’s crew and firing-party came up with a rush. The ropes that
lowered the coffin to the depths of its grave came in handy to raise me
to the surface. On coming to the top, I saw nothing of the cow, calf,
or poor old Ford. On board he had, of course, a capital story to tell.




CHAPTER XI

THE _MAGICIENNE_


[Sidenote: 1833. Feb. 11.]

On return from the funeral I was sent in a native boat to Calcutta,
with a despatch to the Governor-General. It was slow work against
stream, and at night very cold, for which I was unprepared.

[Sidenote: Feb. 12.]

However, I arrived the following morning, and landed at the Shampur
ghât. A palanquin conveyed me to Government House. Lord William
Cavendish Bentinck was well known; twenty years previously he had been
Governor of Madras.

I was not kept long. Instead of finding myself ushered into the
presence of a potentate with twenty A.D.C.’s, I found His Excellency
in plain clothes: his only companion, a parrot on his finger. He was
kindness itself. I had been but little in the London world, but he
seemed to know everybody I had seen, or even heard of.

The ship arrived in the afternoon, and anchored off the esplanade.
Although many fine Indiamen and larger ships were here, nothing came
up to _Magicienne_ in appearance. In due time His Excellency paid an
official visit.

[Illustration: Magicienne _at Calcutta_.]

A salute with yards manned is a pretty sight, and our _Magicienne_ was,
even for a man-of-war, unusually _taunt_, and on shore attracted a
large concourse. The Hooghly was not a bright and limpid stream. Of a
morning we often had to clear our hawse of dark bodies, hardly visible
from the darker mud.

Quarters were provided for officers in Fort William. The ancient one,
in which was the famous Black Hole, was two miles farther up the river.

We were kindly invited by H. E. to Barrackpore. But it was the height
of the season, balls, pig-sticking, parties, picnics, and private
theatricals going on.

The hunt meet at Dum-Dum (five miles from Calcutta) I could not resist.
There was an extensive horse establishment, from which I obtained a
horse. I was never without a correct get-up, and, weighing something
under nine stone, was frequently offered a mount.

[Sidenote: March.]

My hunter, from Mr. Cook’s establishment, sent on, I drove in a buggy,
syce seated on the step. It was a bright and cheery meet. Jackals were
hunted instead of foxes, the latter being small, and not so fast.

I was welcomed as an old sportsman. A find and a cheery “gone away,” my
horse inclined towards a wood on the right. He jumped a small nullah
against my will; the bit broke at the joint. My next recollection
was from a bed in Fort William, with my Captain and officers of both
services standing round.

I soon recovered senses, but for some days was told to keep quiet. It
appears that my mount, after taking me across the nullah, bolted for
the wood, and my head striking a bough, brought me to the ground.

The Tent Club had been kind enough to make me an honorary member. After
some days’ quiet enjoyment at Barrackpore, I returned to the city. On
my promising proper behaviour, I joined a small party. Stopford, a
merchant, was one. He was so like the Admiral, and naval relatives of
that name, I cottoned to him at once.

On approaching the ground, we came on thirteen or fourteen elephants
tethered in regular order, with their attendants. Beyond were marquees,
arranged and fitted with every comfort of bed and baths that a
sportsman could wish.

A large mess marquee stood out by itself, with passages for cooks and
attendants, and piles of ice, (brought to Calcutta by American ships).

The country was open, with patches of jungle three or four acres in
extent. Our horses were tethered in the rear in such places as suited
the syces.

The dinner alone was worth all I had yet seen: every luxury of soups;
capons as big as turkeys, curries equal to those at Madras. Drinks
of champagne and claret, but nothing appeared in greater demand than
Bass’s pale ale. Ices in every form: stories and songs till the small
hours, when the elders made a move.

I was in a sound sleep, when the yells of jackals close by caused me
to jump up and seize my gun. As I got outside, voices called out: “You
can’t fire without hitting some one!”

The procession to the jungle was quiet and decorous. After the
elephants, guided by their mahouts, who were also provided with
crackers, had entered the jungle, you could distinctly hear the boar
sharpening his tusks.

The pig-stickers separated into pairs. Where a hog broke, the nearest
took up the running; the second followed close for turn and first spear.

The spear at Calcutta was carried perpendicularly, point down. I
mention this, as, I believe, in Bombay the spear is carried under the
arm.

I witnessed this noble sport for a couple of days, without being able
to join in it.

[Sidenote: Mar. 11.]

We were towed down the Hooghly by the _Enterprise_ steamer.

[Sidenote: April 3.]

Anchored off Malacca.

[Sidenote: Singapore, April 4.]

Came to in Singapore Roads. It was curious to find almost every
European down with influenza, and that within three degrees of the
equator!

[Sidenote: April 6.]

Our ships suffered, and several officers and men were invalided. (In
connection with this epidemic, it is of interest to note that the
disease was as universal as it has been in the latter part of this
century. 1833 was the great year of influenza in Europe, and although
communication was slow and infrequent, yet the disease travelled with
the same rapid defiance of distance as it does now--an argument in
favour of this mysterious malady being disseminated by atmospheric
influences.)

[Sidenote: April 23.]

Put to sea without delay, taking with us _Alligator_, _Wolf_, and
_Harrier_.

[Sidenote: May 7.]

We proceeded by Anjer Roads to Trincomalee, thence to Madras, where we
arrived the end of the month.

[Sidenote: May 23.]

At sunset we were again running for Trincomalee under all sail. The
wind strong enough to enable us to stem a two-knot current.

At 10 P.M., just as the Captain came on deck, the breeze freshened and
veered to the starboard quarter. He turned the hands up, “Bring ship to
an anchor.”

At 11 P.M. we shortened sail and came to. We were considered smart at
all sail work, Hutton managing, while yards were square, the starboard,
and I the port, side.

[Sidenote: Trincomalee.]

On the present occasion, the boatswain neglected to see the port
fore-tack properly overhauled. The consequence was that the clew on
Hutton’s side reached the quarter of the yard a few seconds before that
on my side!

It was near midnight, sails furled and yards square. The Captain sent
for me to inquire why the port clew was not up at the same time as
that on starboard side. I told him that neither sheet nor tack had
been overhauled. He sent for the boatswain, who stated that he had
overhauled both with his own “’and.”

The Captain addressed me, drawing my attention to the undoubted
fact, on which I expressed an opinion that my word was as good as
the boatswain’s. I was ordered to my cabin, under arrest. Everybody
appeared to be out of sorts, and, as it would have been my middle
watch, I was not sorry to turn in. The ship was soon refitted.

[Sidenote: May 29.]

Sailed for Madras; arrived 31st.

[Sidenote: Madras, June.]

On June 4 a mail from England arrived. The first down to my cabin to
congratulate me on promotion was the Captain. How the receipt of good
news alters people’s feelings! We were “brothers”; half an hour earlier
I could have done him an injury. I got a hearty welcome to share
generous John Company’s Naval House on the Mount Road. I scarcely knew
my own self.

My commission as Commander was dated January 30, five months before
I heard of it. We had carousals on shore, and I heard after at some
dinner-party Hutton had sung his then famous song “John’s ale was new.”
On a remark of mine, he bet me £5 that he would not sing it again while
the _Magicienne_ was in commission.

The ship was ordered to Calcutta, and the Captain had no authority to
discharge me. I therefore proposed that, after having seen him off,
I should write a despatch, stating that, having been promoted, and
finding a homeward-bound free-trader in the roads, I had taken passage
to England.

[Sidenote: June 10.]

_Magicienne_ sailed at daylight for Calcutta. For the first time I was
my own master.

The Navy agents secured my passage. I passed most of the time with my
young kinsman, Henry Garnier, a Cornet in the 4th Light Cavalry, who,
in his turn, was much with Colonel Charles Macleane and that charming
family, in which was one particularly handsome daughter. A fortnight
passed rapidly and pleasantly, riding or tandem-driving.

When I came to embark, I found that these kind, experienced friends
had sent me two chests, each containing six dozen bottles of pure
water, which was far more useful and grateful than the same amount of
champagne would have been. These chests the chief officer kindly stowed
conveniently for me.

[Sidenote: June 26.]

We sailed in _Claudine_. There were an agreeable set of passengers. We
sat down eighteen to dinner.

[Sidenote: Table Bay, Aug. 15.]

Arrived in Table Bay. We were startled, on running in, at seeing within
half a cable’s length ahead a small flag flying on what appeared to be
a rock, but proved to be a dead whale, the flag marking the owner.

I had here a week of real enjoyment, visiting with my old friends,
besides getting two capital days’ hunting. On both occasions I was
awarded a brush.

[Sidenote: Aug. 22.]

Sailed.

[Sidenote: Oct. 20.]

At sunset landed with the other passengers by pilot vessel at
Portsmouth--one hundred and seventeen days from Madras.




CHAPTER XII

ENGLAND


[Sidenote: 1833. October.]

At what time of the year is England not enjoyable!

My father had taken 12 Berkeley Square, which had an excellent
dining-room. He had also the Stud House in the Home Park. My kind host
of many years, the Duke of Sussex, was on a visit to Lord Dinorben.

[Sidenote: Oct. 25.]

An invitation from Colonel and Mrs. Grey--she was a sister of Lady
Dinorben--and an offer of mounts, besides the probability of meeting
my father, decided me on going to Brighton. I found the Greys such a
bright and cheery family.

On our returning, after my first day with the harriers, Colonel Grey
spotted royal outriders. We had only time to pull up and off hats when
the King passed.

On getting home, I found an invitation to dine at the Pavilion, where I
was glad to meet my father, who seemed to enjoy his active life. There
were fine buildings in Calcutta, but the Pavilion beat them.

Both Majesties were present. They must have noticed my nervousness, and
were kind in proportion.

The dining-hall was a magnificent room. High up in each corner were
huge golden dragons that appeared to float, but how supported I could
not make out.

As my kind host and hostess showed no signs of being bored, and my
mounts appeared rather to improve, I held on to my comfortable quarters.

[Sidenote: Nov.]

One morning, when strolling near the Pavilion, I observed His Majesty
at the front-door, wrapped up for a drive, probably to enjoy the open
downs. I disappeared behind a projection from which I could not retreat.

After a few minutes the carriage drove up, coachman in plain clothes,
no other servant. Before His Majesty got in, he addressed the coachman
in strong naval language. The man showed no more symptoms of vitality
than if he were a coat stuffed with straw.

The King, after more nautical expressions, shook his fist, and told the
coachman that he would report him to the Master of the Horse--a threat
His Majesty did not carry out.

Although the Duke of Sussex had recently returned to London, he was
too fond of shooting to miss a good day at Holkham, where a party had
assembled--woodcocks in plenty--and I accompanied him.

Beyond the hour and place of meet, there was no particular arrangement.

I was in the carriage with the Duke, and a good deal of firing was
going on when we arrived at the covert side.

His Royal Highness had a new shooting-coat, with pockets enough to
hold many birds. While getting out of the carriage, a shower of shot
descended on the Prince’s hat and coat. He was excited, and seemed
anxious to find out who the culprit was.

[Sidenote: Nov 23.]

Luckily, I had not left the carriage, but my nephew, Archie MacDonald,
was not far off, and it was in vain he tried to assure His Royal
Highness that his gun had not been fired.

Fox Maul,[4] an old Holkham favourite, forced his way out of the
covert, and addressed the Duke to the effect that Archie was very
nervous, and felt severely his rebuke, at the same time expressing how
grateful he should feel if His Royal Highness took no further notice of
the peppering he received, Fox Maul being the real culprit.

[4] Afterwards Lord Panmure.

Among the guests I remember the following: Lord and Lady Tavistock,
Earls Jermyn and Talbot, Lord and Lady Braybrooke, Lord and Lady
Suffield, Sir Ronald Ferguson, Sir Charles Clarke the famous doctor,
Mr. and Mrs. Stanhope.

[Sidenote: 1834. January.]

On the return of the Duke from a short visit to Lord Lichfield, I again
joined him, and towards the end of the month left for Kinmel, where we
remained during Christmas and New Year, returning to London on January
24.

It would be possible to fill a volume of shore reminiscences, but as I
am writing the life of a sailor, much that might be interesting must be
omitted.

[Sidenote: October.]

Until the opening of the London season, their Majesties held Court at
Brighton. Almack’s balls were held there from October till February,
and the Grenadier Guards gave balls at the Albion.

[Sidenote: Feb.]

The Court having removed to London, I attended the first levee at St.
James’s on February 21. Taking advantage of the entrée accorded my
father (the rules being less strict than now), I was able to converse
with Prince Talleyrand, getting old, with gray hair falling over his
shoulders. Among the leaders of fashion were Count D’Orsay and my
kinsman, Tom Anson.

[Sidenote: March.]

The Stud House suited my father; he was fond of dogs, and Berkeley
Square did not afford sufficient exercise.

Hampton Court was close by. The family of Admiral Sir George Seymour
occupied the southern wing of the Palace. Although Sir George had led a
sailor’s life from boyhood, there was no more aristocratic-looking man
in the peerage. I had his biography by heart.

It was as a Lieutenant on board Rear-Admiral Cochrane’s ship, the
_Northumberland_, 74, February 6, 1806, in the action off St. Domingo,
that a grape shot carried away several teeth. The wound, instead
of disfiguring, rather added interest to his handsome face. Sir
George married, 1811, Georgina Mary, second daughter of Admiral Hon.
Sir George Berkeley. I frequently dined and enjoyed much pleasant
intercourse with the family.

[Sidenote: Mar. 10.]

His Majesty, with a large party, came from Windsor to inspect the
stud and paddocks at Hampton Court. The Master of the Horse had no
difficulty in finding me a mount. It was a fine day, and everybody
enjoyed himself.

On entering the gates, the King addressed the keeper by saying: “Mr.
Worley, Eclipse, you and I were born in the same year.” Whether
perfectly correct or not, the compliment was the same, and pleased
everybody.

[Sidenote: Mar. 12.]

His Majesty held a levee. I was fond of these ceremonies, and
accompanied the Master of the Horse where I might.

[Sidenote: April 17.]

Almack’s balls were removed from Brighton to Willis’s Rooms, St.
James’s.

[Sidenote: May.]

The Maynard family from Paris created a sensation. They were not only
uncommonly handsome, but peculiar. They had a brother in the Blues,
whose friendship I established; but in the middle of my little game
I found myself appointed to the command of the _Childers_, 16, which
my brother-in-law, Harry Stephenson, had obtained for me through his
friend the Hon. George Dundas, a Sea Lord. One of the signatures to my
appointment was that of Sir Thomas Hardy. I think my kind patron felt
the wrong he had done His Majesty’s service, as he recommended my not
appearing at the Admiralty, and, as the Board were kind enough to allow
me to nominate the commissioned officers, there was no occasion to go
there.

[Sidenote: May 17.]

Sir James Graham presented me at the levée on my appointment to the
_Childers_.




CHAPTER XIII

THE _CHILDERS_ BRIG


[Sidenote: 1834. May.]

The _Childers_ brig was lying in dock at Portsmouth.

The First Lieutenant, George Goldsmith, had been serving in the
_Madagascar_ frigate, under that distinguished officer, the Hon. Sir
Robert Spencer, who was succeeded by another equally good Captain,
Edmund Lyons.

The Second Lieutenant, Grey Skipwith, was just promoted out of the
_Royal George_ yacht--a smart fellow in every way, son of a grand old
sporting baronet, who lived at Newbold Hall, Warwickshire.

Jonas Coaker, my old shipmate in the _Tweed_, was Master; a finer
seaman never broke a biscuit.

Goldsmith and I found the brig in dock, but not afloat. A small staff,
with a yard and a half of narrow bunting, was secured to the taffrail,
and H.M.S. _Childers_ declared to be in commission.

Reported the auspicious event to the Commander-in-Chief, Admiral Sir
Thomas Williams, G.C.B., and afterwards to Sir F. L. Maitland, K.C.B.,
Admiral Superintendent.

The next step was a pole, with the Union Jack suspended out of the
first-floor window of the Bedford-in-Chase, on the Hard.

“His Majesty’s ship _Childers’_ Rendezvous.”

Lost no time in issuing hand-bills to the following effect:--

    “Wanted, Petty Officers and Able Seamen for
    His Majesty’s ship _Childers_.

    COMMANDER HENRY KEPPEL.

    Now fitting for the Mediterranean Station.
    _N.B._--None but the RIGHT SORT need apply.”

These were posted at all the large seaports.

I secured lodgings on the “Hard”; feeding was accomplished at the
“Keppel’s Head.”

The Admiral Superintendent took great interest in the fitting-out, and
kindly acceded to all my fancies. He selected the _Topaze_ for use as
a hulk, and substituted a tiller for the wheel. The brig was of great
beam, giving spread for her rigging and stability to her spars. The
figure-head was that of a horse, apparently with his lower jaw broken.
This I gilded over, and on the bows of the boats had a representation
of a horse winning the Derby. The ship was painted white inside, with
green rails to hammock netting, port-cells black. My means of fitting
out were small, but what worried me most was the average pound a day I
had to pay for postage, while there was a ridiculous idea that persons
would take offence if letters were prepaid. Crossing the Border cost an
extra sixpence. My letters were chiefly from anxious parents.

[Sidenote: June.]

Lord Yarborough, President of the Royal Yacht Squadron, took great
interest in our fitting, and passed many an hour on board giving me
useful hints. On Saturdays all Captains fitting-out were invited to his
beautiful place at Apple-de-Coombe, in the Isle of Wight, to remain
over Sunday. After church we went to his son’s (Dudley Pelham) lovely
place, St. Lawrence, on the South Coast.

Lord Yarborough kindly put my name down for ballot as an honorary
member of the Yacht Squadron Club, on which list I may now boast of
being the senior member. We were well and quickly manned.

[Sidenote: July 10.]

Captain Charles Napier arrived at Spithead as a Portuguese Admiral,
flying his flag in the _Duchess of Braganza_. Commander William Holt
was ordered a passage to join _Scout_.

[Sidenote: July 28.]

11.30 A.M.--Cast off from hulk and worked out to Spithead; saluted flag
of Sir Frederick Maitland.

[Sidenote: July 30.]

Weighed, and stood out of St. Helens.

[Sidenote: July 31.]

Came to in Plymouth Sound 10 P.M.; saluted flag of Admiral Sir William
Hargood.

[Sidenote: August 2.]

5 A.M.--Weighed and made sail. My cabin was 9 feet from bulkhead to
bulkhead, not leaving much room for the swing of cots.

Crossing the bay we were pitching, and, to make my guest more
comfortable, I had the fore-topgallant sail taken in. However, every
now and then his cot struck both bulkheads.

I was thinking of shortening sail, when the sentry’s bell rang: Holt
sent for the officer of the watch, and ordered the main-topgallant sail
to be taken in. But before the officer was clear of the door, I told
him to keep fast the main, and to set the fore-topgallant sail, at
which my _Childers_ began to jump and plunge in a manner that caused me
to think both bulkheads must be battened down.

If I have any shore-going readers, I should explain, though Holt was my
senior by ten years, having no pennant flying, he could not dictate to
me. When I was satisfied he was aware who commanded, I shortened sail.
We were always good friends after.

[Sidenote: August 5.]

Exchanged numbers with _Stag_, 46, commanded by Nicholas Lockyer, a
character.

[Sidenote: Aug. 12.]

Arrived in Tangiers Roads, the dominion of the Emperor of Morocco,
where I delivered despatches to the Consul-General, Mr. Edward
Drummond, and then proceeded to Gibraltar, seeing for the first time
the great fortified rock, of whose power one is unaware until exploring
the numerous galleries and recesses containing heavy guns, most of them
not seen from the sea. My time was so short that I was only able to
write my name in the book of General, Earl of Chatham, at the Convent.

[Sidenote: Aug. 28.]

Arrived at Malta 2 A.M., and, profiting by Goldsmith’s experience, made
fast to a buoy off the dockyard; on no occasion did we let go an anchor
in that harbour.

[Sidenote: Aug. 29.]

Saluted the flag of Admiral Superintendent Sir Thomas Briggs. Later
on, passing my glass round the harbour, I descried, on a projecting
balcony, the fair forms of Emma and Emily Hunn, now just out of their
teens, their father, my earliest chief, being Port Captain. On landing
I was received with a kind and hearty welcome.

[Sidenote: Sept. 2.]

I was soon sent on to join the Commander-in-Chief, and sailed September
2.

[Sidenote: Sept. 12.]

On the 12th we rounded Cape Karabonu. Not finding the fleet, ran on
for Smyrna, where I found _Endymion_, Sir Samuel Roberts; _Mastiff_,
_Beacon_, and the _Hind_ cutter, which latter, being a slow sailer, was
commonly called “The Behind.”

At Smyrna communicated with Sir Samuel Roberts, who ordered me back to
Vourla.

[Sidenote: Sept. 13.]

On the morning of the 13th the fleet hove in sight. We saluted the flag
of that gallant and distinguished man, Vice-Admiral Sir Josias Rowley,
Bart., flying on board the _Caledonia_, 120, Captain T. Brown.

With the flag were five ships of the line the commissions of whose
Captains were dated before I was born: The _Edinburgh_, 74, Captain
Richard Dacres (January 1806); _Caledonia_, 120, Captain Thomas Brown
(January 1802); _Thunderer_, 84, W. Wise (May 1806); _Canopus_, 84,
Hon. Jos. Percy (September 1806); _Talavera_, 74, E. Chetham (October
1807). Of these, _Caledonia_, three-decker, was the most imposing.
_Canopus_ was a French ship, by far the handsomest, as well as the
fastest sailer. She carried a glass star above the truck, which on a
sunshiny day could be seen long before a vestige of the fleet. The
_Edinburgh_ was a fine ship. _Thunderer_, a finer, but last from
England, and likely to be second to none. _Talavera_, not much to look
at, but improving. _Malabar_, 74, Captain Sir William Montague, was
away to the westward, a most comfortable and happy ship. The _Vernon_,
38, finest frigate in the world, and exceeding in beam any of the
line-of-battle ships built by Sir William Symonds. _Tribune_, 24,
razéed frigate. I did not think much of her or her Captain. _Volage_,
24, donkey frigate, with George Martin, the best of good fellows, as
Captain. There were _Tyne_, 28, a good fellow as Captain, Lord Ingestre
(was much with him later, on coast of Spain), and six smaller vessels,
of which _Childers_ was one, constantly on the move.

While lying here I was joined by a very smart youngster from the Naval
College, Edward Rice.

While with the flag we were not allowed to be idle, and continued
trials of rates of sailing on a wind. We held our own, as the
_Childers_ was quick in stays. This was great fun for a while. But we
all knew that there was scarcely a bush on shore that did not hold a
woodcock.

[Sidenote: October.]

Of course, there was rivalry throughout. _Caledonia_ had the advantage
of being chief, and knowing what next would be done. _Canopus_ followed
our style of paint, and looked perfection, but on our returning from
a sea-voyage, _Edinburgh_ and _Thunderer_ were the first to hoist
boom-boats out, and fill us smaller craft with stores, water, and
provisions. Weighed and made sail, _Madagascar_ in company. We beat her
in short tacks working out of the bay.

[Sidenote: Oct. 15.]

Came to in Lante Bay.

[Sidenote: Oct. 19.]

A fresh steamer, the _Spitfire_, arrived with despatches; we sailed to
rejoin the Admiral.

[Sidenote: Oct. 24.]

Weighed at daylight, and worked for Vourla Bay. 1.30 P.M.--Came to in
11 fathoms in centre of the fleet.

[Sidenote: Nov. 5.]

Weighed at daylight with _Scout_, _Columbine_, and _Medea_ to try rates
of sailing. _Scout_ bound to Alexandria; being senior, and not able to
keep up, gave us permission to part company at sunset.

[Sidenote: Nov. 6.]

Just before sunset, coming on to blow from the northward, stood in
between Augusta and Green Islands until jib-boom was over the land, and
let go the anchor in 4 fathoms.

_Columbine_, following close, let go her anchor close on our starboard
quarter, without finding bottom, and so drifted out to sea and deep
water for the night, with bower cable out to the clinch to heave in.

[Sidenote: Nov. 7.]

Weighed at daylight and joined the _Columbine_, who had been all night
recovering her anchor.

[Sidenote: Nov. 8.]

Came to in Vourla Bay, with a few days’ comparative rest.

[Sidenote: Nov. 10.]

Weighed in company with _Caledonia_, _Medea_, and _Columbine_, to try
rate of sailing.

[Sidenote: Nov. 27.]

Returned to Vourla Bay, and came to in 8 fathoms. Arrived _Malabar_,
74, Captain Sir William Montague.

It being necessary for me to write to the Admiral, found I could not
avail myself of the services of the clerk, he having both his eyes
stopped up by a promising young master’s assistant, one William King
Hall, called by his messmates Jacko. Accidents will happen in the best
regulated families.

About this time some of the ships were short of the junior class of
officers.

The _Talavera_ had no midshipmen. I explained this little accident of
my clerk’s eyes to Captain Chetham, and with the consent of the kind
chief, my friend Jacko was transferred to the _Talavera_ with the
superior rank of midshipman. From that position he raised himself to
the highest rank. We were friends until his untimely end, and he has
left two sons in the service who do credit to a parent, and a pretty,
now married, daughter.

After joining flag, we had a week’s quiet in Vourla Bay, which gave me
an opportunity of improving my acquaintance with the Captains of the
fleet, to say nothing of shooting. Plenty of hares and woodcock were to
be found.

[Sidenote: Nov. 29.]

Sailed from Vourla Bay, charged with despatches.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Arrived at Malta Harbour. We were not long there, being sent with
stores and provisions for the _Favourite_. After men’s dinner slipped
from buoy, and the following afternoon came to in Tripoli Roads. In
addition to _Favourite_, found French, Turkish, and Neapolitan ships of
war. At sunset I had to follow the motions of my senior officer, and
struck lower yards and topmasts.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Next morning found civil affairs on shore not quite right. The late
Pasha “Youssuf” Corromanli, who had obtained possession of the
Government by murdering his elder brother, and now, to save his own
head, abdicated in favour of his son Ali, as great a scoundrel as
himself, the rightful and legitimate heir being a son of an older
brother of Ali’s (since dead).

The majority of the people had chosen a fine fellow--one Emhammud--to
be their Sovereign. While Ali held possession of the town, Emhammud had
the country round, and the forts that flanked the roads.

Each party declared the other in a state of blockade, and expended much
powder. Emhammud liked the English; Ali preferred the French. I visited
both pretenders. The English Consul, Colonel Warrington, had two
houses, one in the country. The town-house had had a shell burst inside
it, and the roof was afterwards made bomb-proof.

[Sidenote: Dec. 10.]

Having been informed by my friend Mundy that his gig, with flag flying,
which had preceded me, was sufficient protection from both sides, I
landed in my gig at a rickety pier to visit the Consul, when a round
shot from the outside party cut the body of an honest trader in two.
He was landing some innocent bit of cargo within five yards of where
I stood. The victim was one of Ali’s party, and his death caused much
howling and lamentation from the top of the minarets.

[Sidenote: Dec. 12.]

Saluted Colonel Warrington on his visiting the ship. Of my friend
Mundy, as a whip, I did not think much; but when clear of the town
the desert sands were level, and the date-fruit ripe. I took one of
my smallest mids, Comber, with us to fill, or rather occupy, the back
seat. On returning to the town, Mundy not allowing room enough, the
off wheel caught the corner of a wall, bringing the whole affair
to grief. My middy, being light, cleared the opposite walk, and was
landed in a seraglio garden while the ladies were taking their evening
exercise.

[Sidenote: Dec. 13.]

Warrington had a wife and daughter, and was much respected; Comber was
released without coming to further grief.

[Sidenote: Dec. 14.]

Having received verbal orders to return immediately, I had a boat
anchored on the only outer rock that could interfere with _Childers_,
although aware of the kind hospitality of our Consul, who had a
small brass band to add to the hilarity of the evening. Safe of a
land breeze, I sloped off in the middle watch without being seen. The
senior officer, next morning, found no vessel to “follow motions.”

[Sidenote: Dec. 17.]

Light winds. It took us two days to reach Malta.

[Sidenote: Dec. 20.]

Slipped and made sail from buoy to rejoin fleet. Deck loaded with
stores for the different messes.

[Sidenote: Dec. 25.]

Weighed at daylight from Cape Colonna and made sail with topgallant
masts on deck. Hugged the land. Passed between English Island and the
main, and got through the Douro passage without a tack. The islands and
Negro Point covered with snow to the water’s edge.

[Sidenote: Dec. 27.]

Came to in Vourla Bay.




CHAPTER XIV

THE _CHILDERS_


[Sidenote: 1835. Jan. 5.]

On January 5 we were ordered to precede the fleet with despatches
for Malta. Weather looking dirty, took two reefs in the topsails;
topgallant sails over. Before getting clear of Vourla Bay, we had to
weather Cape Karabonu. Breeze freshening and sea getting up; wet fore
and aft. However, we were battened down as tight as a bottle.

About noon an extra heavy squall struck the brig, throwing her on her
beam ends; main yard under water. The First Lieutenant, Goldsmith,
standing on the hammock-netting, holding on to the topmast backstay,
was thrown off his legs. He sang out: “Put the helm up!”

I, sticking to the weather-quarter like a limpet, called out, I am
afraid: “The helm be d----d! I see the keel.”

For a few seconds, which appeared like minutes, the brig lay like a
log. The squall over, the tight little craft righted, but with loss
of half-ports, hammock-netting and rails, port watch of hammocks,
harness-cask, and everything movable from under the forecastle. The
wind had shifted to a fair point, and in a few minutes we were running
free, under all sail.

[Sidenote: Jan. 12.]

Arrived at Malta on 12th. Secured to a buoy in the Quarantine Harbour,
with nineteen days to ride out; time to refit. Shortly afterwards the
fleet, with Commander-in-Chief, arrived in the Grand Harbour.

[Sidenote: Jan. 28.]

On the morning of the 28th, having reported “brig ready,” quarantine
expired. Signal was made for “boats to tow,” which always caused an
amount of emulation from the vast number of ships. Not only were two
tow-ropes passed along, but the leading boats were partly up the Grand
before the _Childers_ was clear of the Quarantine Harbour.

“Helm be d----d! I see the keel,” was my greeting from the old Captains.

On securing to a buoy, we were not a little proud of our brig. I knew
that all idle glasses were fixed on her. Such ships as were ready had
sails loosed to air or dry. Of course, it was important that _Childers_
should “follow motions.”

On the sails being let fall, two great rats dropped out of the bunt of
our mainsail, showing a hole you might push your fist through. One rat
dropped into the chains, the other overboard. But, as Jack remarked,
“they had not got pratique,” and were knocked on the head. However,
that did not save me from the chaff of my brother small craft for
having reported “_Childers_ ready.”

[Sidenote: Feb. 3.]

_Tribune_, 24, arrived from Smyrna with despatches from our Ambassador
at Constantinople, requiring the presence of the fleet again to the
eastward.

Signal made, “Prepare for sea.” Many of the ships were dismantled; some
had even their tanks on shore. Every ship was, however, ready within
forty-eight hours. Owing to northerly winds, they were detained until
the afternoon of the 8th, when the _Medea_ and _Confiance_ steamers
towed them out.

At 8 P.M. the fleet made sail, forming in two lines; small craft on
flag’s weather beam.

[Sidenote: Feb. 11.]

Ran through Cerigo passage; sailed between Zea and Therima; through the
Douro passage on 12th, and outside Ipsera.

[Sidenote: Feb. 13.]

Made sail per signal to proceed to Smyrna. Wind headed after rounding
Cape Karabonu.

[Sidenote: Feb. 14.]

Hove to off Smyrna. Saluted French Commodore, communicated with Consul,
filled and made sail. Observed fleet at anchor in Vourla Bay; signal
made, “Keep under way”; communicated with Admiral, and returned to
Smyrna with despatches.

[Sidenote: Feb. 15.]

Rejoined flag. High land covered with snow.

[Sidenote: Feb. 20.]

4 P.M.--Rounded Cape Karabonu, ran through Scio passage, and shaped
course for Anti-Milo.

[Sidenote: Feb. 25.]

Running along shore, observed a United States man-of-war coming out of
Navarino Harbour.

[Sidenote: Mar. 8.]

Ran into Milo Harbour, in order that the pilot (Mitchelle) might see
his wife. Met the “Behind” cutter coming out. Ran between Serpho and
Siphanto.

[Sidenote: Mar. 10.]

I need not bother my kind readers with the number of times _Childers_
had to pass through this beautiful Archipelago; no yachtsman could have
enjoyed himself more.

[Sidenote: Malta, Mar. 17.]

Worked up the Quarantine Harbour; found _Favourite_ and _Columbine_.

[Sidenote: April 22.]

Slipped from the buoy, made sail, having been ordered to Dardanelles
with despatches for our Ambassador at Constantinople.

As I had to go to Malta before rejoining the fleet, Captain Percy, of
the _Canopus_, had asked me to bring back his kinsman, young Drummond,
to whom Ingestre had given a passage in the _Tyne_. I mention his name
here, for Drummond, a promising young Guardsman, was the cause of
doing away with the mastheading of midshipmen--a good old custom, which
had been in existence long before I was born.

The case was this. One day at sea, Ingestre sent a mid to the gunroom
to say he wished to speak to Drummond, who was playing backgammon,
and delayed obeying the summons until he finished his game. When he
appeared, Ingestre told him that on board a man-of-war orders must be
obeyed, and, in joke, said he would next time send him to the masthead.
On which Drummond replied he would see the Captain blowed first!
Ingestre hailed the main-top, and ordered a hauling-line to be sent
down.

Henry Murray, one of the Lieutenants, seeing his Captain had been put
out, advised Drummond to mount just a few steps of the rigging, and he
would accompany him. Which advice being followed, the matter ought to
have ended.

The story was talked about in Malta as an amusing joke, but in London
was viewed differently. The incident was referred to in Parliament.
Lord Brougham put the question to Lord Auckland, as to an “outrage”
alleged to have been committed by a Captain in the Navy, in respect to
a gentleman who was a passenger on board his ship on the Mediterranean
station.

Lord Auckland said the whole thing rested on vague rumour; if brought
before him, he should consider it his duty to act on the advice of
those he should feel it necessary to consult. Lord Colville hoped
their lordships would draw no such inferences from newspaper reports.
The Lords Melville, Beresford, Salisbury, and other peers spoke.
Subsequently an order was issued from the Admiralty prohibiting
mastheading as a punishment, which the class of officer to whom only
it could apply greatly regretted. I always found a seat on the fore
topmast cross-tree, with a book, far preferable to walking the lee side
of the quarter-deck, with the main try-sail set.

[Sidenote: April 29.]

At daylight observed a fleet to leeward, consisting of a ship of the
line, and twenty-three others of different sizes. As they did not seem
inclined to show colours, stood into the centre of them, when they
hoisted the Turkish flag, on which I fired a royal salute. They were
bound to Tripoli with troops to quell the insurrection.

[Sidenote: April 30.]

Came to in Basaika Bay.

[Sidenote: May 1.]

Rode with attendants and despatches to the Consul of the Dardanelles,
Mr. C. A. Lander. Finding the plague raging, returned same day, a
forty-four miles’ ride. Weather intensely hot.

[Sidenote: May 4.]

Weighed, and came to abreast the ruins of Alexandria--Troy--having
left the pinnace to await the _Courier_ from Constantinople. Visiting
Basaika Bay afforded endless amusement in picnics and searching for
antiquities. From the ruins of the marble palaces of Troy the Turks
made the huge round shot for their Dardanelles guns. Our youngsters
made collections of ancient Greek coins: good imitations imported from
Birmingham.

[Sidenote: May 8.]

Despatches having arrived, sailed.

[Sidenote: May 12.]

Between Zea and Long Island communicated with _Portland_, 52, Captain
David Price, the same good fellow who ended his promising career off
Petropaulooski, in the North Pacific Ocean.

[Sidenote: May 15.]

Joined the fleet off Cape St. Angelo. Received orders to proceed to the
Piræus for pratique.

1 P.M.--Came to close to the beach in Epidamas Bay in 6 fathoms. Brig
swinging by attaching a hawser to a tree on shore, into 3 fathoms.
Smooth water, and good watering-place in rainy weather. In dry weather
the water is turned off for the purpose of irrigation.

[Sidenote: May 21.]

Came to in the Bay of Salamis. Found, in addition to our own fleet,
four French and two Russian men-of-war.

[Sidenote: May 28.]

Fleet visited by King Otho of Greece. Manned yards and fired royal
salute.

1 P.M.--Fired a royal salute in honour of the birthday of King William
IV.

[Sidenote: June 1.]

It being King Otho’s birthday, dressed ship and fired royal salute. His
Majesty was this day proclaimed at Athens; an interesting ceremony, the
Admiral, Captains, and Commanders attending. We afterwards dined with
His Majesty.

[Sidenote: June 6.]

1.30 P.M.--Weighed in company with the fleet on a cruise. Rendezvous
off Pigeon Island, south of Paros.

[Sidenote: June 10.]

An enjoyable excursion with the fleet to Anti-Paros, famous for its
immense caves and beautiful stalactites. Best seen from an inner cave
of considerable height. Admiral, all the Captains, and many officers
assembled. The blue-jackets managed to fix a rope ladder to the
upper cave; how they managed it I did not see, but up the ladder the
Commander-in-Chief and Captains ascended, according to seniority. Most
of their commissions dated prior to my birth. Had the ladder given way,
the chances were that I should have had to command the fleet. However,
the sight was splendid.

[Sidenote: June 11.]

At daylight weighed in company with the fleet. Worked between the
islands; came to in 8½ fathoms in Strongiolo Bay.

[Sidenote: June 15.]

Syra; saluted Consul on his coming on board. Weighed, and took him and
his family out to the fleet. Hove to while they visited the Admiral.
Received orders to proceed to Zante to meet the mail.

[Sidenote: June 22.]

Arrived _Orestes_ with Lord High Commissioner (Sir Howard Douglas) on
board. Fired salute of 19 guns.

[Sidenote: June 23.]

The High Commissioner did me the honour to visit the brig; saluted him.
Arrived _Confiance_ with the mails.

[Sidenote: June 24.]

5 P.M.--Sailed to rejoin the fleet. Rejoined the flag at sunset off
Cape Matapan; fresh breeze. Ordered round the fleet to deliver letters.

[Sidenote: July.]

Hove to and communicated with _Columbine_. Parted company to rejoin the
fleet in Kalamanta Bay.

[Sidenote: July 8.]

Weighed in company with the fleet, steering in the direction of Malta.
During the passage we had repeated trials with _Vernon_, Captain John
McKerlie, _Portland_, _Endymion_, Captain Sir Samuel Roberts, and
“Behind” cutter.

In light breezes we had the advantage, in strong the _Vernon_ by far
the best. _Endymion_ always bad, and _Portland_ worse.

[Sidenote: July 17.]

Ran into Malta and made fast to a buoy, rejoining fleet off Cerigo.

[Sidenote: July 28.]

_Volage_ and self to windward of the flagship; at daylight, while
washing decks, ropes coiled up; hove to to keep station. _Volage_ up in
the wind, got sternway, and cut our flying jib-boom off at the cap.

At 9 A.M. _Thunderer_ asked permission to communicate with _Childers_.
Permission being granted, _Thunderer_ signalled, “Dimensions of spar.”

At 4 P.M. she signalled to _Childers_, “Spar completed.” Permission
given to pick up spar, which I observed towing astern of _Thunderer_ by
deep-sea line. It was in its proper place and sails set by the time we
recovered station.

Rode out twelve days’ quarantine, fleet taking guardians and cruising
outside.

[Sidenote: July 30.]

Joined the fleet at daylight, they having stood to the eastward in
company with the United States squadron, consisting of the _Delaware_,
_Potomac_, _Constellation_, and _Shark_. Our fleet beat them sailing.

[Sidenote: July 31.]

In the afternoon, having been invited by signal to dine with the
Admiral, stood out on the starboard tack, intending to pass under the
stern of flagship, she with the fleet being hove to, Admiral leading
in-shore line.

Just when my newly-painted _Childers_ was halfway off, signal was made,
“Air bedding.” Not liking to cover my ship with the dust of some 800
hammocks, turned to Coaker and said, “I shall pass ahead of the flag.”

Jonas looked doubtful.

Had all but succeeded, when, standing on the weather hammock-netting, I
observed the pressure of _Caledonia’s_ flying jib-boom scraping across
the belly of our main topsail. When within two cloths of the lee-leach,
the canvas gave way, but the leach rope would not. By this time the
flagship had stern way, but too late; jib and flying jib-boom were
snapped off close to the cap, and dropped into the water. Conceive the
position of the junior Commander of the fleet!

I stood on, tacked and wore, shifted the topsail, and hove to under
the lee quarter of the Admiral: went on board. The little performance
in shifting the main topsail within five minutes of the accident
gained the admiration of the old Captains. Instead of abuse, I was
congratulated by all, with the exception of the Flag Captain, Brown.
I could hardly realise all the kind feelings until I had reported
myself to the Admiral, who kindly remarked, “Commander Keppel, there is
nothing like experience for a young officer. You will not again attempt
to pass ahead of a line-of-battle ship hove to. When her main topsail
is pressing against the mast, she has generally some headway on her.
Come in to dinner.”

My spirits were restored by a glass of wine. The Captains continued
their congratulations, but Brown never forgave me!

[Sidenote: Aug. 14.]

Came to off the Castle Corfu. Secured our cable on shore at the arsenal.

[Sidenote: Aug. 17.]

Lord High Commissioner gave a grand ball to the navy. Ordered to meet
the mail at Zante afterwards. At no other place did our mids enjoy
themselves more. One Jacky Day, with more money than other youngsters,
sported a drag, which he drove down the steep hills, over loose stones
and sharp turnings, without coming to grief.

Following the troop of boys, saw my youngest pet mid, Edward Rice, roll
over and over with his pony. Thought he must have been killed, but he
was none the worse.

[Sidenote: Aug. 21.]

On reaching Zante found the mail from England. Proceeded with it to
rejoin the fleet. Late in the afternoon, breeze freshening, observed
a small pleasure-boat plunging under reefed sail. On closing, near
dinner-time, persuaded her occupants to come on board, promising to tow
their boat.

They proved to be Colonel Brown and Captain Lawrence, of the Rifle
Brigade, who had come across from Cephalonia, likewise to get their
letters. Landed them next morning at their port.

[Sidenote: Aug. 22.]

On my rejoining the fleet with the mail, found the Commander-in-Chief
had received orders to send _Malabar_, _Endymion_, _Tribune_, and
_Childers_ to the coast of Spain.

[Sidenote: Aug. 23.]

After dining with the Admiral and Captains, took leave with regret of
my kind and indulgent friends.




CHAPTER XV

THE CARLIST QUESTION


[Sidenote: 1835. Aug. 30.]

Ran into Quarantine Harbour, Malta; completed stores, provisions, etc.

[Sidenote: Sept. 1.]

Left Malta, and on the 12th came up with _Malabar_ and _Endymion_,
standing out of the straits.

[Sidenote: Sept. 14.]

Joined company; with them came to in Cadiz Harbour. Found _Harlequin_,
Lord Vernon’s beautiful yacht, built by Symonds.

The wife of our senior officer, Sir William Montague, had a house in
Cadiz, where parties were given by this charming lady. She also got up
picnics, and other amusements.

We visited Xeres, from whence our “sherry,” and saw barefooted natives,
cigarette in mouth, treading out the juice of the grape. My interest
was cut short by _Childers_ being ordered to Lisbon, under command of
Sir William Gage. Before, however, reaching that distinguished officer
I met _Endymion_, and was ordered back to the Mediterranean.

[Sidenote: Oct. 11.]

Came to inside the Mole at Gibraltar. From the Captain of the _Tribune_
received orders to visit Consuls and obtain information at the ports
along the south coast of Spain.

[Sidenote: Oct. 14.]

Stood over to Algeciras for a clean bill of health, otherwise we
should have been subject to seven days’ quarantine, although Malaga
is in daily communication by land. The health officer, to show his
knowledge of the English language, had our bill of health made for “Los
Niños, Bergantine Inglese,” which answered our purpose as well.

[Sidenote: Oct. 16.]

Arrived at Malaga. A few words are necessary to explain the political
situation.

The late King, Ferdinand VII., died in 1833, having married in 1829
Doña Christina of Naples. A Princess, Isabella, was born in 1830, when
Ferdinand, by “pragmatic sanction,” abolished the Salic Law in Spain,
and appointed the Infanta Isabella heir to the throne. This act was
disputed by his brothers, Dons Carlos and Francisco.

On the death of Ferdinand, 1833, the small Isabella was proclaimed
Queen, her mother Christina being appointed Queen-Regent. Don Carlos at
once asserted his right to maintain the Salic Law, and was supported
by some of the old nobility. The peasantry were led by the clergy, who
followed Don Carlos.

Lord Palmerston was Prime Minister, and carried the quadruple alliance
with him. His orders to the Admiral in the Mediterranean were explicit
and to the point. Subjects of Queen Isabella requiring help could claim
it from the English ships. This was denied to the followers of Don
Carlos, who was carrying on war against the Christina party with some
success in the northern provinces.

In the south, the so-called “Patriots” were endeavouring to revert
to the Constitution of 1812, when the Salic Law had first been
established, and by provisional Juntas superseded Doña Isabella’s
authority.

The Government at Madrid was now in the hands of Queen Christina’s
party.

[Sidenote: Malaga.]

The Governor of Malaga, as well as in other large towns, had been
appointed by the Carlist Party. Until of late the Constitution of
1812 had been popular. In August last, the same day on which the
insurrection at Barcelona broke out, a Junta was formed here. There
were not more than seventy of the regular troops, who were quartered in
a convent.

The National Guard, 15,000 strong, were well equipped, and supplied
with arms and ammunition from the Government stores. The batteries
mounted 27 guns, of which 15 were serviceable.

There were no Spanish vessels of war at Malaga; only an armed revenue
squadron, consisting of two schooners of 12 guns each, with crews
of sixty and seventy men, three lateen-rigged boats, 1 gun and two
carronades, from thirty to fifty men, and other small craft which were
occasionally troublesome to our Gibraltar smugglers.

With plenty to occupy our attention, and a kind Consul, who had a wife
and four charming daughters, we were loth to leave.

The Junta was not of long duration. They had expressed their intention
to disarm a portion of the urban militia, in order to equip a regiment
formed of convicts. The urbans encamped themselves outside the town,
and declared the Junta dissolved.

The peasantry entered the town this morning, demanded three prisoners,
who they declared to be Carlists, took and shot them without
opposition. The victims were, I believe, chiefs of banditti, but they
had been pardoned from Madrid.

[Sidenote: Oct. 20.]

Anchored off Almeira. A Junta had been established here. The Governor
and Commandant of the forces, and other heads of departments, had
wisely made themselves scarce on the first news of the revolution. No
blood had been shed. We went on, and arrived at Alicante on the 22nd.

There is a large English population here of well-to-do merchants, with
a zealous, active Consul, Mr. Waring, whom we saluted. The prevailing
feeling appeared to be more Carlist; the “vivas” for the Queen at the
theatre were faint.

The ex-Carlist Captain-General, Valentine Ferraz, is the guest of the
Governor, Don Diego. The gates of the town are closed at sunset.

The theatre is a small, neat building; between the acts revolutionary
songs were sung, which gave one an opportunity of observing the
political feeling of the natives.

[Sidenote: Oct. 27.]

Watered at Althea, close to the shore.

[Sidenote: Oct. 30.]

Came to off Valencia. _Tyne_ arriving same time.

While on the coast of Spain I was frequently in company with the
_Tyne_, consequently under the orders of Lord Ingestre, and enjoyed the
society of Lady Sarah and her young family.

The children had been in the habit of romping with their uncle, Lord
James Beresford, and transferred to me the name of “Jimmie,” by which
the late Lord Shrewsbury called me to the end of his life. Lady Sarah
was second to none I had ever seen. (Only lately I sat between her
grand- and great-grand-daughters at dinner, both ladies inheriting the
beauty of their ancestress.)

In the neighbourhood of the town are marshes, with wild-fowl, where
Ingestre and I had some good sport. Having been placed by the native
keepers in a commodious punt, hidden by rushes,--in the stern of which
sat Lady Sarah, with a good luncheon,--a fleet of sham ducks moored
within our reach, our sporting guides disappeared. Shortly afterwards
clouds of wild-fowl were on the wing, surveying the position of our
retreat, with the quiet traitor ducks apparently at feed. Presently,
down they dropped with a grand splash. Both our double-barrelled
muzzle-loading guns, with copper cap-locks, were emptied three times
before the fun was over. We bagged ten and a half couple.

It appears that, by some preconcerted means, August 5, the date on
which disturbances broke out at Barcelona, was the same at Malaga,
Alicante, and elsewhere. Groups of men assembled in the streets,
declaring war against the Carlists, in consequence of excessive
cruelties said to have been committed by them on the adherents of the
Queen. The Captain-General, Ferraz, accompanied by a strong escort,
endeavoured to quell this disturbance, but was unsuccessful, inasmuch
as his troops refused to act against the people. He was accordingly
deposed, and General the Comte Almadova appointed by the mob in his
stead. Almadova, in obedience to the populace, had seven of the
principal Carlists, then under the safeguard of the law, put to death,
and the remainder transported to the Philippine Islands.

General Cabrera had put to death sixty partisans at Rubielo. This
disaster arose from the circumstance of General Nogueras, who
commanded the Queen’s troops, having ordered the Governor of Tortosa
to seize Doña Cabrera, a lady seventy years of age, and put her to
death, in retaliation for the deeds of her son. The Governor refused
to obey so inhuman a command, upon which Nogueras appealed to Mina,
Captain-General of Catalonia, who directed that the order should be
carried out, and Doña Cabrera was shot in the public square of Tortosa.
Mina was remonstrated with from Madrid, and Nogueras deprived of his
command.

Cabrera, smarting at the murder of his mother, raised a following,
and thus added another insurgent force to those already harassing the
Government.

In the meantime Almadova’s influence waned. The people assembled round
his palace, threatening his life. He went into hiding. Two days later
a counter-revolution brought him back to favour. His first act was to
arrest his enemies and transport them to the Philippines.

[Sidenote: Nov. 1.]

Sailed in company with _Tyne_ for Tarragona, arriving there on the 6th.
Found _Tribune_, from whom I got orders to return to Gibraltar to meet
the mail. Like the latter places we had visited, things were quiet. The
Junta had been dissolved, and the Queen’s Government become popular.
Here the news of the outbreak at Barcelona had caused disturbances.
A battalion of the National Guard marched from the town of Reuss to
assist those at Tarragona, and was received with acclamations. The
braves of Tarragona sacrificed to their fury the Lieutenant-Governor
and the Town Major, who were thought to be Carlists; General Conti,
Governor of Tarragona, absconded the day before the news of the
Revolution was generally known.

Brigadier Lescanca, who had been appointed by the people to this chief
command, endeavoured to save the lives of the Lieutenant-Governor
and Town Major. During the night, when the people were exasperated,
it was thought possible to save them by conveying them to one of the
vessels in the harbour. However, before they got to the boat they were
observed, and murdered on the pier. The Governor was stoned to death,
and his fellow-victim shot. A Junta, similar to the others, was formed,
and tranquillity restored.

[Sidenote: Nov. 16.]

We sailed. _Clio_, in co., 16, with my old Lieutenant, F. Scott, on
board; we meet her again! Anchored at Gibraltar in time to catch the up
and down mails. The Gibraltar merchants had prosperous times, as, since
this Revolution, the men employed on the coastguard had been sent to
join the army in the north. At the present time their storehouses are
empty.

[Sidenote: Nov. 17.]

After supplying the Calpe Hunt with the bread-dust I had collected, we
sailed.

[Sidenote: Nov. 18.]

Came to inside the mole at Malaga. The Juntas had been dissolved; the
Queen’s Government apparently popular. An active subscription was going
on to support the Queen’s army employed in the North. I met a man going
about the street with “true and correct lists” for sale, in Spanish, of
those who have not subscribed.

My _Childers_ touched a shoal off the end of the mole. We were not
inconvenienced more than a few minutes, owing to the prompt assistance
from the American corvette _John Adams_. At 9 A.M. saluted the Spanish
flag with 21 guns, not having done so on my first visit, owing to there
being no Government, except that appointed by the Junta in opposition
to that of the Queen.

[Sidenote: Nov. 19.]

Being the birthday of the Queen of Spain, remained just long enough to
fire a royal salute, with yards manned.

[Sidenote: Nov. 21.]

Sailed in commencement of a Levanti.

[Sidenote: Nov. 24.]

Visited Alicante; everything quiet. Subscriptions were being raised in
support of the Queen’s army. In the North 3,000,000 reals had been
subscribed, about £30,000.

A great many men were daily arriving from the country, being part of
the 100,000 required. Valencia had to supply 10,000. Any person could
be exempted on paying 200 dollars, or 100 dollars and a horse.

[Sidenote: Nov. 29.]

Moored inside the mole at Barcelona. An important person at Barcelona
was Mr. James Annesley, lately attached to the German Embassy, and with
the prospect of a peerage; he married Clementina, the handsome daughter
of Baron von Brockhausen, and had a promising young family. They lived
in a large house on a grand promenade called the Rambla. He was a good
man of business, and entertained liberally. I frequently afterwards met
the boys, grown into men.

[Sidenote: Dec. 1.]

_Clio_ arrived.

[Sidenote: Dec. 20.]

After partial refit and preparing to paint, the carpenter, much to my
horror, discovered a spring in our foremast. Lost no time stripping
ship, and through our active Consul obtained permission to place the
brig under the dockyard sheers; got mast out preparatory to repairing
damages.

[Sidenote: Dec. 26.]

The _Rodney_, 92, arrived, Captain Hyde Parker, one of the smartest and
best officers in the service.

Although I could not report _Childers_ ready, it was a satisfaction to
feel I was under a good and permanent Chief, however strict.

Through the Captain of _Tribune_ stating the length of time _Childers_
had been inside the mole, I had but a cool reception from my Chief, and
was directed to report myself again, when ready for sea. The fact was
that, although the hoops had been driven on hot over the scarfing, the
sharp frosts at night caused them to burst.




CHAPTER XVI

THE CARLIST WAR


[Sidenote: 1836. Jan. 4.]

By help of dockyard sheers got our foremast in, and by 4 P.M. reported
ready for sea, but was disappointed in parading before the _Rodney_,
by a despatch from the Consul to Captain Hyde Parker, stating that the
port could not safely be left without the protection of a man-of-war.

Leaving _Childers_ in charge of the First Lieutenant, went with
Skipwith to the Consulate. The populace were in a state of excitement.
It appears that a fortnight ago, thirty-three Christinas, some of whom
were citizens of Barcelona, were executed by Carlists in a neighbouring
hermitage.

A few days later, reports reached of two companies of Christina
Chasseurs having been surprised and put to death. In consequence, a
crowd had assembled in the square opposite the palace, and demanded
vengeance. The Government, with 1800 Nacionales outside, deliberated.
The people acted. Dark had set in.

Taking ladders and torches, the people went to the citadel, and scaled
the walls without opposition from the garrison.

About eighty Carlist prisoners were put to death, among them Colonel
O’Donnell and a priest, who, after their heads had been cut off, were
dragged by the heels a roundabout way through streets towards the
opposite end of the great public Rambla. The Consul could not leave his
office. Skipwith and I went to meet them. Being in uniform, we were not
likely to be molested.

We found the headless bodies on an open space, between the cathedral
and the theatre, where a performance took place by torchlight.

A cloaked Spaniard stepped from the crowd, and demanded:

“Cuyo cadaver es aguel?”

The reply came from one of the assassins:

“Aguel es el cadaver de O’Donnell, el traidor.”

The first speaker drew a dagger from his cloak, and plunged it into
the body, on drawing it out touched the blade with his lips. The
performance was repeated on the priest. Then followed some of the
softer sex, chiefly well dressed, and men alternately.

In the Ataxarnes Fort were confined peasants, who had been seized
because some Carlist troops had passed through their village.

It was now past midnight; the Spanish General still held council at the
palace, which was surrounded by a large body of the National Guard. At
the palace we were allowed to ascend to the council chamber.

Doubting the power of the General to prevent the mob repeating their
butcheries at the Ataxarnes Fort, I sent Skipwith off to the _Rodney_
to inform Captain Parker what I proposed doing, which was, to offer the
services of the _Childers_ to protect life, by taking joint possession,
with the Spanish troops, of the Ataxarnes Fort, which could be done
on the sea-front by scaling-ladders from the brig, and so, with the
Spanish garrison and English marines, hold the fort until the force
from the _Rodney_, some 800 men, could join.

It was evident my proposition caused a division in the court.

At daybreak, before we had time to act, the Spanish flag and the Union
Jack were flying together on the Ataxarnes Fort.

The doctor who was in attendance on the prima donna of the opera in her
confinement, considered her life saved when he informed her of the fact.

[Sidenote: Jan. 14. Mar. 14.]

After two months’ work on the coast, arrived at Gibraltar. It was now
the middle of the hunting season. The Calpe hounds were as perfect
as pains and money could make them. Fresh blood was imported as
opportunity offered. The prickly-pear nearly the only obstacle that
could check a run.

On occasions when bull-fights took place at Algeciras, notice was sent
to the regimental messes that _Childers_ would be ready to convey
officers across. There was no steamer, but my little brig never failed
to land friends in time.

[Sidenote: Mar. 23.]

Left Gibraltar and rejoined my worthy chief at Port Mahon. The _Rodney_
refitting in the most commodious of ports, lying alongside the dockyard
without the inconvenience of a rise and fall of tide.

The town had an English appearance; many of the signs of public-houses
were called after ships that had been at Trafalgar. There was one named
“Anchor, Hardy, Anchor.”

I had much fun exploring with my Chief many disused places. The
hospital was one, which he carefully inspected, but on returning to the
open air we found ourselves covered with fleas!

Although suffering, I cried with laughter at the agony of my Chief, the
cleanest of small men. He roared like a young bull. On turning up the
skirts of his frock-coat, at the waist there was a regular girdle of
fleas.

[Sidenote: April 7.]

We next visited Palma Bay. It has a fine town, clean and spacious. It
was in want of money. Spaniards had taken refuge in this spot to avoid
the heavy contributions levied by most of the military Governors on all
persons residing in the provinces, over which they ruled with martial
law.

[Sidenote: April 13.]

The Marquis de Montenegro is now the Captain-General, a fine specimen
of the real Spanish grandee, a native of the island. He invited
Captain Parker and the officers of the _Rodney_ and _Childers_, and
entertained us hospitably at a charming country-house which contained,
among many old pictures, an original by Raphael. He had also, in his
country-house, statues collected by his brother, who was a Cardinal in
Rome.

The Marquis de Colonna is also a resident, the war having obliged him
to quit valuable property in Valencia. He, too, was attentive to the
English.

There are also many Spaniards under surveillance who had been banished
on suspicion of not being faithful supporters of the existing
Government. Among others was Don Calderon, of whom I had heard much.
At the age of ninety he was sent from Barcelona, where he was about
the oldest resident, surrounded by his family. An old sailor, he
had declined his flag rank in order that he might remain quiet and
unnoticed. What a sad thing is civil war!

In riding excursions we sometimes pulled up at roadside _posadas_. Eggs
short, I have frequently seen the women in charge of the poultry pick
up a hen, and by a gentle squeeze cause it to drop an egg.

[Sidenote: April 18.]

Accompanied _Rodney_ to Barcelona.

[Sidenote: June 2.]

I was awakened in the middle of the night by Lord Ranelagh, who had
been fighting with the Carlists. He made his escape when our marines
captured the Carlist lines at Uremea.

We had been friends for years, and I had now to congratulate him on
being my prisoner. I last left him in the 7th Fusiliers, at Malta.

After breakfast I went to Mina, whom I found confined to his room; but
Doña Mina, a charming English lady, said he would see _me_. He was in
bed.

“I know what you are come about,” was his greeting. “You have Lord
Ranelagh on board; take care of him. If he lands in Spain, I will have
him shot.”

[Sidenote: June 3.]

At 4 A.M. weighed and made sail, calling at Tarragona.

In addition to Ranelagh, I had young O’Shee, son of a Madrid banker,
of whom, probably, the Carlists had borrowed money. I landed them at
Gibraltar, out of range of Mina’s shot, on 10th instant, and was sorry
to part with two such cheery companions.

[Sidenote: July 5.]

Came to off Tarragona.

[Sidenote: July 12.]

Embarked 200 Christina soldiers. They lay sleeping about the decks,
embracing their muskets. Landed them the following day off the mouth of
the Ebro.

[Sidenote: Dec. 27.]

Arrived at Barcelona from Malaga; heard that General Mina, who had been
ill for some months, died on Christmas Day.

The funeral, with full military honours, took place two days later,
attended by all naval officers present in Barcelona, _Childers_ firing
minute-guns during the ceremony.

_Rodney_ lying in the roadstead; _Orestes_ and _Harlequin_ arrived in
time to join in the ceremony, and were secured inside the mole; while
_Childers_ took up her berth inside inner mole.

[Sidenote: Dec.]

We could only use one side, but the saluting, although we fired each
once in nine minutes, made the guns so hot that care was necessary.




CHAPTER XVII

THE _CHILDERS_ BRIG


[Sidenote: 1837. Jan. 2.]

It was with great pleasure I learned from Captain Parker that he had
appointed my young friend, George H. Seymour, midshipman, son of
the much-respected Admiral Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., as “lent” to
_Childers_, but unfortunately, as it proved, for a very short time.

[Sidenote: Jan. 4.]

Sailed. Arrived at Carthagena, 16th--a huge basin which might have held
a dozen ships of the line, surrounded by storehouses. Heavy brass rings
were secured deep in the masonry, and great guns made posts to secure
to. This was a grand old naval arsenal, which had probably not been
used since Trafalgar.

The pilot who brought us in, recommended our not using any anchor
heavier than our own kedge, on account of the depth of mud which had
accumulated for many years. The dock-gates had long since decayed, and
were replaced by the mast of some line-of-battle ship, one end hauled
aside to admit us.

We prepared for a thorough outfit, took possession of two large
storehouses, and made ourselves comfortable. Wild-fowl and snipe were
to be found in remote parts of this unfrequented arsenal.

[Sidenote: Jan. 16.]

One of my gig’s crew, by name Lathom, was a born artist; by assistance
of chalk and burnt stick drew some interesting and spirited sea-pieces:
always entertaining likenesses of the _Childers_.

[Sidenote: Jan. 27.]

The _Wolverine_ was reported as anchored in the harbour, out of sight
of the entrance to the basin, her Commander the Hon. Edward Howard.
What a chance for me! The first time since my commissioning _Childers_
I had fallen in with a junior.

The channel to the dockyard was formed by high land on larboard side,
and the shoaler water of the harbour on the other. A projecting angle
of the land prevented your seeing the entrance to the basin until round
it; then a straight run in.

I sent my coxswain to have the bar removed, and then pulled out to the
_Wolverine_. I found my young friend full of zeal. He had stores for
our Spanish Squadron off Tarragona; but as H.M.S. _Childers_ required
bread, and it might come on to blow and get wet, I gave _Wolverine_ an
order to supply, and bring his ship into the basin. And as the wind was
fair, to weigh, make sail, and I would pilot him in.

We were in the forecastle together, and had rounded the angle, having
got into the straight, but narrow channel, when I heard Howard call,
“Hands shorten sail!” In a moment I saw the mast had not been removed,
but I called out, “Keep all fast!” and told Howard if _Wolverine_
could not jump, she must go through it. As luck would have it, the
mast had begun to move, and a kedge anchor was dropped in the mud of
the basin. Where _I_ was to blame, was in not allowing for the natural
dilatoriness of our friends and allies, the Spaniards.

Of course, so large a vessel as _Childers_ could not be victualled in a
day, and the Alhambra _had_ to be seen.

[Sidenote: Feb. 9.]

Weighed, ran out of basin and harbour. Joined _Tyne_ and _Orestes_.

[Sidenote: Feb. 15.]

Came to off Barcelona. Found _Rodney_. Inside mole, _Harlequin_,
_Nautilis_, and _Wolverine_. To my regret, Seymour was ordered to
rejoin _Rodney_.

Worked into Malta Harbour, secured to buoy, dockyard creek. Found
_Caledonia_, 120, _Asia_, 84, _Vanguard_, 80, _Bellerophon_, 80,
_Revenge_, 78, _Barham_, 50, _Tyne_, 28, _Orestes_, and “Behind”
cutter. Refitted; got in a new foremast.

[Sidenote: March.]

On board _Barham_ was my old friend, Fred Hutton, as First Lieutenant.
He was early on board _Childers_ to greet me, bringing with him a
fully-signed document to prove that he had not sung “John’s ale was
new” from the time I left the _Magicienne_, until paid off; by which
I lost my fiver. He entertained a party at dinner on shore, myself
included, that must have cost him four times the amount.

Remained in Malta till March 8, enjoying the opera, races, dancing, and
all the amusements of the winter season.

[Sidenote: Mar. 8 to June 26.]

During this period we were continually on the move, having made fifteen
anchorings. It would be weary to recall them individually.

[Sidenote: July 8.]

Secured inside the Mole, Gibraltar. Lowered colours half-mast, news
having arrived of the death of our Sailor King, William IV.

[Sidenote: Aug. 1.]

Arrived at Barcelona.

[Sidenote: Aug. 3.]

Spanish authorities having received information of the arrival of a
Carlist force at Villa Nueva, they requested me, through our Consul, to
proceed there. On arrival in the morning the enemy had disappeared.

[Sidenote: Aug. 5.]

At daylight observed two line-of-battle ships to leeward. Bore up;
saluted flag of Admiral Sir Robert Stopford, in _Princess Royal_,
_Vanguard_ in company. Received orders to proceed to the West Coast of
Africa as soon as _Childers_ could be spared from present duties. The
same order was posted to me from Malta by Sir Josias Rowley, homeward
bound, which reached me afterwards.

[Sidenote: Aug. 9.]

At the request of Commander Baldwin Walker, took _Vanguard’s_ boats in
tow and ran into Port Faugal. Enemy had disappeared.

[Sidenote: Aug. 17.]

Secured to Gibraltar Mole. Found a French Squadron; Prince de Joinville
on board _Hercules_. Busy taking in stores and provisions.

I was sorry at being obliged to leave the Mediterranean without seeing
more of my friend, George Grey, who commanded the _Scylla_, and ordered
home on promotion. He was one of the smartest and most promising
young officers in the service. He married a charming lady who was not
a sailor. George was appointed in 1846 Superintendent of Gibraltar
Dockyard, where he remained for many years.




CHAPTER XVIII

_CHILDERS_: WEST COAST OF AFRICA


[Sidenote: 1837. Aug. 24.]

Adieu to Mediterranean and civilisation! We were ordered to Portendick,
the northern limit of the West African and Cape of Good Hope station.

[Sidenote: Sept. 5.]

Called at Portendick.

[Sidenote: Sept. 24.]

Arrived at Sierra Leone. Here we received our proportion of Kroomen,
the most useful and intelligent of natives, who relieved our men of
much sun work. As they were discharged, on their ships leaving the
station, they were at liberty to volunteer for any ships they fancied.
We were not long in completing our complement of twenty-four. The
native names of these Kroomen were so incomprehensible that on their
first joining a man-of-war the Captain had to find names for the
ship’s books. Thus, among those left with me were “Doctor Inman,”
“Sea-breeze,” “No Grog,” “Prince of Wales,” “Bishop of London.” It
would be tedious to name them all. They were good-tempered and willing
fellows; thoroughly acquainted with the coast.

During the few days that it was necessary for me to remain in this
picturesque, but sickly harbour, the _Harpy_, 10, Hon. George Clements,
arrived with a returned prize crew from the West Indies. (His sister
had married my clergyman brother.) He had fever on board, and had lost
many men. The day before sailing the poor fellow dined with me. He told
me the night previous he had heard bodies dropped into the river from
merchant ships near.

The wind blows chiefly off the coast, and when the _Harpy_ sailed with
her sickly crew, the officers went aloft to assist in loosing sails.

Poor George Clements! From the kind way in which he pressed on me a
gold chain he had worn, I do not think he expected to live long.

[Sidenote: Oct. 1.]

Left Sierra Leone October 1, _Saracen_ in company.

[Sidenote: Oct. 3.]

Parted company with the _Saracen_, who went to look into the Gallinas
for slavers. We continued about fifty miles off shore.

[Sidenote: Oct. 7.]

At 2 P.M. being abreast of the Penguin, frequented by slavers, who
take in rice prior to embarking a cargo. Bore up and furled upper
sails. After dark came to off the mouth of the river; sent pinnace,
with Lieutenant Goldsmith, and cutter, with Acting Lieutenant Noad, to
reconnoitre.

I heard the following morning from an unemployed Krooman, “Prince
William,” who came off with others to barter for tobacco or anything
else they could get, that a slaver, having completed her water and
rice, supposed to be Spanish, had sailed the previous evening for New
Cess, a place about the spot where Trade Town is marked on the chart.

“Prince William” was an intelligent fellow; he had served on board the
_Primrose_, who had thus christened him. He had ECNIRP tattooed on his
chest. One of the _Primrose_ seamen had chalked his name on a piece
of wood, which he took home, and, making the impression, had his name
engraved backwards. He offered to pilot us in.

The pinnace and cutter returned about ten o’clock, having pulled up
the river against a very strong current. Several monkeys and curious
birds were seen, but, owing to the thickness of the mangrove bushes,
could not have been got at had they been killed.

This is a good place for canoes; the natives make them to any
dimensions in a short time. I paid five dollars for one about 30 feet
long and quite new.

Kroomen speaking English are always to be found along the coast, and
make good interpreters.

Got under way at eleven, and at noon fell in with a rakish-looking
schooner, who showed American colours and papers named “The _Peri_, of
Baltimore.” Her skipper was, I think, a Dutchman, but the remainder
of the crew were Spaniards. The log was kept in Spanish, and she was
evidently a Spanish vessel, having her water-casks in, and, with the
exception of rice, everything ready for a cargo of slaves. But no
Spanish papers could be found, and she got off under United States
colours.

We soon overhauled another Spanish slaver, who could not long, judging
from the smell, have landed her cargo. She had a Spanish captain and
crew, but sheltered herself under the Portuguese flag; she was a sort
of jackal, picking up cargoes for the larger vessels.

Until the last treaty with Spain, which entitles us to capture Spanish
vessels fitted for slaves, with or without slaves on board, the
Portuguese flag had scarcely been seen on this part of the coast. The
Portuguese papers are chiefly obtained at Porto Praya, St. Jago.

At 9 P.M., when off the Grand Canon Point, ten miles to the south-east
of New Cess, we furled square sails, hoisted boats out, and sent
away pinnace, cutter, and jolly-boat, under the pilotage of “Prince
William,” manned and armed.

[Sidenote: Oct. 9.]

At daybreak sent the gig to board a brigantine observed to be at anchor
about seven miles to the south-east. She proved to be the _Sarah Ann_,
an English vessel, belonging to a company of merchants, who have
purchased from the native chiefs several small spots of land along
the coast, on which they have built some wigwam-looking huts, where
they deposit a portion of English goods, such as broadcloth, muskets,
knives, beads, etc. These huts are styled British factories, through
which means a traffic is carried on with the natives, bartering their
goods for palm-oil or ivory. The Company send a vessel out every two or
three months, which vessel remains on the coast, going from one factory
to another, until their cargoes are completed, leaving one or two of
their crew and a few Kroomen at each place to carry on the trade.

The _Sarah Ann_ had been five months out, and had on board about seven
tons of oil. The captain and five of her crew had died; the remainder
were in a sickly state.

Although inexperienced and scarcely a month out, I could neither think
nor dream of anything but slavers. On visiting the British factory at
Piccaninny Cestos, a small thatched hut, nearly hidden in Jungle, I
found a sickly-looking lad surrounded by a number of natives, each of
whom brought a small portion of oil--about a gallon--in calabashes,
in exchange for a small measure of cloth. By way of protection, the
hut was surrounded by a high sort of railing formed of stakes, just
wide enough apart to admit the muzzle of a musket, by which means
the companion of the sick lad was shot through the head a few days
previously. This brutal act was supposed to have been committed by the
King’s son. I offered to set fire to all his black Majesty’s huts along
the coast, but was informed that by so doing I should put a stop to
the trade, which appeared to be of much more consequence than the poor
lad’s life.

[Illustration: _West African Natives._]

The natives are odd-looking animals. They are not troubled with too
much clothing, but besmear their face and bodies with mud by way of
ornament, and wear a necklace of pigs’ teeth by way of a charm, to keep
the devil at a distance.

I reached the ship at the same time as the other boats from this
expedition. They had pulled up in the dark towards the anchorage of
Trade Town, and at midnight were just able to discern their vessels
lying in the anchorage. Goldsmith directed that each boat should take
one, which they did by pulling alongside their respective vessels as
nearly as possible at the same time.

The pinnace boarded a fine schooner called the _Vigilante_, with
everything ready for a start. Her fore topsail yard was hoisted to the
masthead, her cat-fall was overhauled, and a luff tackle for weighing
the anchor stretched along her deck. The planks were arranged over the
water casks, ready for the reception of her slaves, who were always
brought on board heavily ironed. And even the articles, delicately
termed “poo-poo pots” by the boatswain, were placed on either side. The
crew were pretty well on the alert, considering the darkness of the
night. They hailed the boat before she got alongside, and her crew,
forty-five in number, rushing up from below as one man, each having
his particular station assigned him, took possession of the deck. Had
our boats waited two or three hours, she would in all probability have
been captured with 400 or 500 slaves on board. She, however, produced
Portuguese papers.

The cutter boarded a pretty, rakish-looking brig, which was immediately
recognised as the _Golenthokika_, a vessel which had been lying for
some weeks close to us at Barcelona. Her people were not quite so much
on the alert as those on board the brigantine. On coming on deck they
made a rush for the arms kept under the poop, but they found everything
already in the possession of our men. The skipper produced Russian and
Greek papers, under which countries’ flags he fitted out.

The jolly-boat also boarded a slave schooner under Portuguese colours.
As most of these vessels have a double set of papers, the Spanish ones
were in all probability on shore with the captain, none of whom were
found on board.

The men being tired, and the weather, as usual, rainy and dirty, we
remained that night at anchor, sending the gig to reconnoitre. The
following morning we got under way about an hour before daylight, and
stood towards the slave vessels. The ground between the anchorage we
were in and the vessels was rocky and uneven. We lost two hand-leads,
although we had nothing less than ten fathoms. The gig returned on
board when we got off Trade Town.

Goldsmith, who had boarded the brigantine again at daylight, found so
much prevarication in the captain’s statement that he brought him and
the papers on board for my inspection.

The man who came as captain was a Portuguese lad, but with an old head
on young shoulders. He stated the night he was boarded that the Captain
was on shore, which fact he flatly denied to me, and said the officer
must have been mistaken, although I had three men ready to make oath
that such was the case.

He seemed to know very well what he was about, and produced regular
Portuguese papers, signed by the proper authorities at Porto Praya.
He breakfasted with me, spoke very good Spanish and a little English,
and, appearing satisfied that all was right, smoked his cigar with true
Spanish indifference.

This rascal assured me that, having been captured only a few months
before by the _Bonetta_, when he was supercargo of a vessel with
upwards of 300 slaves on board, he was not fool enough to try his hand
at it again.

He stated that the vessel he was now in was his own property. Not being
able to prove his vessel Spanish, we let him go, wished him good-bye,
and hoped we might meet again. I then proceeded to land “Prince
William” at the Penguin.

Nearly the whole time we were on this coast we had hard and continued
rain--a great damper to zeal and slave-hunting.

[Sidenote: Oct. 11.]

Weighed in the afternoon and anchored at sunset in Buffon Bay. In
getting under way from Rock Cestos, a Kroo canoe got capsized by the
tow-rope getting under the bottom, turning three of the natives, with
their fruit, paddles, etc., into the water. It was curious to observe
the dexterous and expeditious way with which they emptied, and then
replaced themselves in the canoe.

Two of the men easily righted it, and commenced getting the water
out by pushing it suddenly backwards and forwards in a fore and aft
direction, afterwards by rolling it broadside, first one way, and then
on the other, by which means the greater part of the water tumbled out.

The third man swam away to pick up the bales and a paddle, returning
with one in each hand; while two of the men held on the opposite
gunwale, he very cleverly threw himself in, and baled her out in no
time.

The other two got in on either side; everything was picked up, and the
canoe again alongside in a very short space of time. As the water did
not hang long on their black, greasy skins, they, as well as their
canoe, looked as if nothing had happened.

I visited the British factory at Buffon Bay, which was an improvement
on the one at Piccaninny Cestos, really being a very comfortable
two-storey bamboo cottage built on a narrow strip of land about half a
mile in length, with the sea in front, the river Buffon bounding the
north-west. On the south-east is an impenetrable jungle.

A black gentleman of Sierra Leone, by the name of Harleston, with a
few Kroomen and two or three natives, formed a little colony. Ivory
appeared to be the only article received in exchange for British goods.

The Resident informed me that good shooting might be had twelve miles
up the river, and those fond of the sport should go in a light canoe.

[Sidenote: Oct. 12]

From Buffon Bay stood well off-shore, and the next land was that part
of the coast between St. Andrews and Cape Lahon. When close in-shore
we shortened sail to topsails, and ran along the coast, keeping in 15
fathoms water, hoping to find myself at daylight about twelve miles to
windward of Cape Lahon Town, the principal place for traffic in ivory
and gold-dust.

[Sidenote: Oct. 15.]

Cape Lahon was wrongly placed on the chart, and a strong current set us
ten miles to leeward. We anchored for a few hours. A canoe, from which
I obtained information, pulled very cautiously three times round the
brig before its owner would venture alongside, and when he did so it
happened to be at the time our men were cleaning arms. Seeing several
with cutlasses in their hands, he gave the alarm, tumbled into his
canoe, and paddled away as if he had seen the devil.

They returned after some persuasion and friendly signs and signals
had been made to them, but nothing would induce any of the twelve
to venture inside or beyond the hammock-netting, where they perched
themselves ready for a bolt overboard on the first symptoms of anything
like treachery on our part. Even these savages had a smattering of the
English tongue, and could ask very distinctly for rum and tobacco.

[Sidenote: Cape Lahon, Oct. 16.]

I found out afterwards that their fears were not altogether without
cause, as Spanish vessels had been in the habit, when their cargoes
were not quite complete, of enticing these unfortunate negroes on board
under the pretence of trading, and then kidnapping them; not many
months previously their King, with twenty-four men, had been carried
off, canoe and all, and sold at the Havana. His Majesty was afterwards
restored to his country, but so broken-hearted and dispirited as to be
unable to assume the government. His son Antonio now reigns at Lahon.
They are a harmless and inoffensive people.

In running along-shore, which you may do about half a mile from the
beach in 9 or 10 fathoms, the coast has a beautiful appearance. The
country is thickly wooded, with trees of every size, colour, and
description, and the villages, which are always to be seen where there
are a few cocoanuts growing together, give it a lively and picturesque
appearance--a great contrast with that of Portendick.

A tremendous surf was breaking on the beach, and we did not see a
single spot for several hundred miles where any of our boats could have
landed.

After rounding Cape Palmas, the surf was considerably higher. The
canoes were formed much stouter and stronger, and appeared very clumsy
after the beautiful light skiffs of Sierra Leone, and what is termed
the Windward Coast.

[Sidenote: Oct. 17.]

Anchored off Grande Jack. The natives came off in swarms, taking us
for a first-rate trader. At this place we found that they spoke more
English, and consequently were more impudent, fonder of grog, and more
avaricious than any of the natives we had yet seen.

They brought off cocoanuts, cats, yams, monkeys, and gold-dust (the
value of which they understand perfectly well), as well as poultry,
limes, goats, and ivory, in exchange for which they took any old
clothes, seamen’s hats, marines’ caps, and stole the hand-lead out of
the chains. The whole scene of exchange, which took place on deck,
being new to us, was most amusing.

Every negro proceeded to dress himself in each article of clothing as
he received it in exchange. One was seen walking about the decks as
proud as Lucifer, in a perfect state of nudity with the exception of a
marine’s cap. Another put the trousers over his shoulders like a lady’s
shawl, and several had jackets on hind part before.

From Grande Jack we went to Grand Bassani, but the surf ran too high to
allow our boats to proceed over the bar up the river.

[Sidenote: Oct. 18.]

Bassani is a large and populous town, situated about ten miles up the
river, its trade principally gold-dust and ivory.

On the arrival of any vessel to open a trade with the natives, it is
customary to give the Chief what they call a _dash_, which is a present
of part of everything you have on board. No Chief ever neglects coming
on board for his _dash_, and without which little or no trade is
carried on.

Grand Bassani was the first place from Cape Palmas where a landing is
effected by Europeans, and then it can only be accomplished in the
canoes of the natives, about once in eight or nine days.

From Grand Bassani we proceeded along-shore, passing the mouth of
the Assine River, out of which the fresh water was rushing with
considerable violence. This river separates what is called the ivory
from the gold country, although both these articles are to be obtained
on either coast, to the eastward of Cape Appollonia.

[Sidenote: Oct. 19.]

We passed the town of that name, and in which stands an old British
fort, now abandoned, the first stone-and-mortar building we had seen
since leaving Sierra Leone.

[Illustration: _A Factory._]

In the afternoon passed Axine, where there is a pretty-looking fort,
on which the Dutch flag was flying. In the evening we anchored off
Dixcove, where by a ledge of rocks is formed a snug little harbour.

The rollers occasionally run in, but the surf seldom breaks across
the entrance, about ten yards wide, and close under the fort, on your
right going in. The boatswain, however, managed to get himself and two
Kroomen capsized in my canoe.

[Sidenote: Oct. 20.]

The fort, mounting 16 guns, stands on a rocky point, commands the
town, which, although it owns a King as well as a village a few miles
distant, the people call themselves British subjects, and are ready,
but not anxious, to fight for their governors.

We can scarcely interfere with their laws, except to put a stop to the
barbarous practice of sacrificing human beings.

The natives, who belong to a race called Ashanti, are inoffensive,
superstitious, and idle. I noticed a very decent-looking native--one of
the _cabocees_ or elders of the town--who had come to the fort to ask
permission to bury a woman alive, for being, as he alleged, a witch.

On inquiry, the Governor discovered the man had already done so the
previous day. He was in durance vile, awaiting the decision of the
Resident at Cape Coast, under whose authority are all the British forts
along the coast.

At almost every forty or fifty miles there is a distinct race, whose
names and customs are different, and who can scarcely understand each
other’s language.

At Dixcove the natives regard alligators as fetish or sacred. At Cape
Coast, a few miles from this, they destroy them. At Accra, I believe,
the hyæna is fetish.

On the western side of the town of Dixcove is a small river, and the
mouth being choked up with sand, it had spread itself into a swamp,
covering about half an acre of ground.

In this are many crocodiles, frequently known to devour goats, fowls,
etc., when near the banks. These reptiles, as well as snakes, are
considered fetish, and are worshipped by the natives.

Near the river lives an old fetish woman, who is held in awe and
treated with great respect by the natives. She is supposed to have
great power over crocodiles. I went with the Resident to see this
extraordinary fact. On being applied to, the old hag issued from her
hut.

She was covered with a sort of white mud-wash, and wore about her
person several absurd superstitious ornaments, such as a pair of goat’s
horns, some tiger’s teeth, and several pieces of gold. Her body was
uncovered down to the waist; her breasts hung down like the flaps of
an old saddle. She was nearly blind from age, and supported herself by
a long, mysterious-looking stick. The witch took her position under
a tree, and to my astonishment I saw one of these horrid-looking
crocodiles, after having been invoked and charmed for some minutes by
her (she held a doomed chicken in her hand, and while going through
many extraordinary gestures and motions, repeated some unintelligible
jargon), gradually emerge from the rushes on the opposite side, where
he had been entirely hid from view, swim across, and creep up the bank
towards where we stood. My first impulse was to bolt, but on turning
round I felt ashamed. A number of native women, with their children,
stood by, apparently without the slightest fear, so much confidence had
they in the power of the old woman over the reptile. I therefore stood
my ground manfully, and allowed the crocodile to approach within a yard
of me, and receive the chicken from the old hag at the end of a reed.
I certainly felt a great relief when the brute crushed the unfortunate
bird, feathers and all, which he seized in the most ungracious and
savage manner, and turned again into the river. I had seen crocodiles
before, both in the East and West Indies, but never heard of their
facing a concourse of people.

The people trade in palm-oil and gold-dust.

Mr. Swansen, the Resident of Dixcove, is a young man of about
two-and-twenty. He had very comfortable, roomy quarters in the fort,
and was the only white man in the settlement. Nothing could surpass his
kindness and attention.

[Sidenote: Oct. 22.]

Anchored off Elmina. Fort St. George, the chief settlement of the
Dutch, is the largest and handsomest place on the coast.

I saluted on anchoring, and the Governor immediately sent off a large
canoe to convey me on shore. I was shown all over the fort; which
mounts 62 guns, is of great extent, and kept in beautiful order.

The Dutch are very proud of this place, having taken it from the
Portuguese more than two centuries ago, retaining it ever since.

Fort St. Jago I was not allowed to see; it was his weakest point, and
the Governor wasn’t anxious to show it.

The Dutch Government carry on a traffic in slaves, under the plea of
raising recruits for their East India possessions. The negroes are
bought from the Ashanti chiefs, embarked for Batavia, and told they are
free men.

I observed several neat and comfortable-looking houses, with gardens
attached, belonging to the merchants, most of whom I met at the
Governor’s table, where I was hospitably entertained. Almost every one
spoke English.

[Sidenote: Oct. 23.]

Cape Coast is only nine miles to the eastward of Elmina, where we
anchored following morning.




CHAPTER XIX

CAPE COAST CASTLE


[Sidenote: 1837.]

The anchor was no sooner down than a large canoe with four-and-twenty
paddles was alongside, waiting orders.

[Sidenote: Oct. 23.]

I went on shore with several of the officers, in straw hats and round
jackets, expecting a wetting; the surf ran high. We, however, landed
perfectly dry, but had no sooner touched the shore than a salute was
fired, and, on entering the square of the fort, I found the garrison
turned out. The band struck up “God save the Queen,” which I now heard
for the first time, and the guard presented arms. I took off my hat,
which I tried to hide, and bowed to everybody. On a promise from the
Resident that I should be treated with no further ceremony, I composed
myself with an excellent glass of “Madeira.”

Cape Coast Castle, as well as the other English settlements along
the coast, was given up by Government about ten years previously to
a company, with the allowance of £3500 a year, with which they pay a
garrison and keep the forts in repair. They manage, I suppose, by a
liberal supply from their own coffers, to do everything in excellent
style, and I believe no garrisons under Government can be conducted
with greater regularity or kept in better order than these on the
western coast of Africa.

Since then trade has increased. The Ashantis, with whom we were
constantly at war, became good allies, and confidence re-established.
As a proof of this, his Ashanti Majesty has sent two of his sons to
England to be educated, and a regular and constant communication is
kept with Coomassie, the capital.

We no longer pay tribute for the ground on which Cape Coast Castle
is built. There is a well-conducted school established in the fort,
where I saw upwards of a hundred native boys. I was struck with the
appearance of a smart-looking half-caste boy, about eight years old,
who, on my asking his name, said: “Ma name, George, sar: son of Captain
George C----, Royal Navy, sar.” This is the first attempt of education,
and when knowledge becomes diffused, the natives (Fantees), who are
at present idle and superstitious, may soon see the advantages of
commerce and industry. They are daily leaving off many of their fetish
practices. Their religion appears to consist chiefly in doing homage
or making presents to anything their priests choose to call or make
fetish--a stone, a tree, a wild beast--in short, anything.

In passing by the edge of a jungle, I observed a path neatly cut
through the thickest part of it, and was told that in all probability
I should see something “fetish.” I went in. The path terminated at a
large stone, round which were some old shells and two or three bottles
containing rum. These were offerings to induce this stone to keep
harm away from the donors. They consider white men as superior in
power to their fetish, and any of them would have removed a bottle of
rum from the stone had he been told to do so by the Resident or any
white man whom they had been in the habit of looking up to, although
they dared not have touched it of their own accord. They follow their
own religion, for want of a better. The soil is capable of producing
anything, and a second India, on a small scale, may one day rise out
of these settlements--that is, if they continue in the hands of such
an enterprising, liberal little company of merchants as now have the
management. The merchants appeared to vie with one another in doing
everything to make our stay at Cape Coast agreeable, in which they
fully succeeded.

Mr. Swansen, brother of my old friend, the Governor at Dixcove,
prepared a visit to a plantation he was making a few miles in the
country.

It is a remarkable fact that the cattle, which formerly used to sleep
in the woods outside the town, have, ever since the Ashantis attacked
Cape Coast, come in, and sleep under the protection of the guns.

The dispensary is well arranged in the fort, near which I saw what is
only seen in tropical climates--a man whose leg had just been amputated
by a shark.

I visited Mr. Swansen’s enterprising undertaking, the first attempt at
anything like a plantation that had been made. He had been here for
two years, and was expending a considerable sum in clearing away the
jungle, so that it must be some time before he can get income from it.
Napoleon Plantation is about six miles from Cape Coast.

We started, a large party. From the novelty of the scene, the various
and curious modes of conveyance, etc., made it to us a most agreeable
and amusing excursion. The usual conveyance is in a long narrow basket,
carried on the heads of a couple of natives, in which you can lie
your length; nothing being visible from the outside but your toes and
nose, which gives you the appearance of a corpse. A few were conveyed
in a sort of Sedan chair, and several in little light four-wheeled
carriages, which are drawn by four men, with two more behind to push
uphill. Being drawn in a carriage by human beings sounds contrary to
our English ideas, but it is only in the name. They are well paid and
worked easily; choosing always their own pace; and I never saw children
enjoy the fun of drawing along a little cart more than these blacks did
that of drawing the Resident and myself along six miles of bad road.

Mr. Swansen’s comfortable cottage we found prettily situated on the
summit of a hill, at the foot of which ran a small river. At the back
and sides were mountains covered with impenetrable jungle, which the
natives were endeavouring to clear. But the fore-part of the hill on
which the house stood was already covered with cotton, coffee, tobacco,
and other plants, springing up most luxuriously. A vast number of
natives had collected to greet our arrival, and were performing one
of the wildest and most picturesque dances. A more agreeable sight,
however, and which, I believe, was the chief object of our journey, was
an excellent dinner, to which we did ample justice.

[Sidenote: Oct. 24.]

We visited an adjoining village, luckily on some fête day, as all
the people were dressed in their best. The chiefs of the village,
with their attendants, came down to welcome us with trumpets, and
a great noise was made with various nondescript instruments. Many
curiously-rigged personages, whose offices I could not exactly make
out, were in attendance. They danced round us, gave us palm-wine to
drink, and fired off muskets close to us--in short, the nearer the
muzzle is to your ear without blowing your head off the greater the
compliment. It was dark before we got back to the town, when we
finished with another dinner at Mr. Swansen’s.

We took leave of our friends at Cape Coast, having passed two agreeable
days, the large canoe being in attendance.

Cape Coast is certainly not more unhealthy than most tropical climates,
and some weeks might be passed very pleasantly; but there are two
serious objections--neither horses nor white women ever live there. The
famous authoress, “L. E. L.,” was the last victim.

[Sidenote: Oct. 26.]

Anchored off British Accra. The fort is neat, and in first-rate order,
but not so large as Cape Coast. This is another settlement. The country
is open, and roads are good to the extent of thirty miles. What
rendered it so agreeable was the kindness and attention shown by Mr.
Bannerman, well known to the Navy employed on this coast.

Accra is famous for the quantity and fineness of its gold-dust. Many
pretty rings are made here of the purest gold. Ivory is also to be
obtained.

Adjoining, and to the eastward is Dutch Accra, with the remains of a
fort, destroyed in 1821 by the English, which the Dutch Governor told
me had been washed down by the sea.

Two miles further is a Danish fort and town, all three flags flying
within range of each other’s guns.

Accra has an odd appearance from the sea. I rode over to Danish Accra
to call on the Governor, and was received with a guard and salute. The
natives are much the same in appearance as at Cape Coast, and equally
superstitious; among many other absurdities, the untamable hyena is
here fetish. These animals come into the town at night and commit
depredations with impunity. They imitate the noises of the different
animals, and particularly the crying of a child.

A hyena a few nights back dropped two cubs in the street; the following
night she returned and took them away.

One of the merchants having shot a hyena while he was employed at night
in digging up the remains of a favourite horse, was obliged to make a
large _dash_ of rum and tobacco to appease the natives, who fancied
that all sorts of calamities would occur in consequence. No work is
done until a _dash_ is given.

When the Ashantis bring in gold they stop within a mile of the town and
send a messenger, waiting his return with a _dash_. Both men and women
drink the rum neat.

The cowry shell is used as money, twenty to a penny.

Good shooting may be had: partridges, hares, and snipe close to the
town, and at a short distance deer.

Stock of all sorts to be obtained at moderate prices, as well as beef
and mutton. Turtle may be picked up on a sandy beach.

[Sidenote: Oct. 30.]

Gray parrots might be bought alongside, four for a dollar, bamboo cage
and all.

The last day at Accra we were most sumptuously entertained by the
Danish Governor. He had served as a Lieutenant in the French Navy, and
had met Goldsmith at Marseilles, who, being very anxious to sketch one
of the native women in full costume, the Governor good-naturedly got
one of the wives of the chiefs of the town. She made her appearance
after dinner, almost covered with finery, which she liked being
sketched. Her thighs and hips were covered with silver beads, which,
again, were covered by a red cotton dress--a sort of covering wound
round her body, all above her hips being left bare, as well as below
her knees. She had upwards of a thousand dollars’ worth of gold
ornaments on her. After this took our departure.

Under way just before sunset, and saluted the Danish flag in passing.
During a fortnight’s cruise in search of the senior officer we fell
in with _Saracen_, _Viper_, and _Waterwitch_. The latter is one of
Symonds’ beautiful brigs; she beat us to windward during half an hour’s
trial.

[Sidenote: Nov. 15.]

Anchored in Clarence Cove, Fernando Po. This place was once in
possession of our Government, but now belongs to a small company of
merchants. The first question asked by every passer-by is: “What in the
world could induce the Government to give up such a place with so many
advantages?”

As a rendezvous for ships of war it is perfect. The anchorage is
capacious and safe, the fresh water excellent and plentiful, and no end
of firewood. There is also a good place for hauling the seine, with
lots of fine fish. An excellent beach for hauling boats up for repair.

Clarence Cove is a key to some of the largest rivers in Africa, and its
being situated in the centre almost of the country from which most of
the slaves are exported renders this the most fit place for the slave
court to be held.

Although at present the island is not overstocked with bullocks, still
animals of all sorts thrive here, and by a little pains it might
become one of the most commodious and useful spots on the globe as a
naval establishment. The timber also, of which there is an enormous
quantity, and of great variety, is allowed to be the best exported from
any part of Africa. The soil is rich, and capable of producing anything.

The company had appointed two zealous and active agents in Messrs.
Beecroft and Oldfield, who act as Governors, and fill all other
appointments besides. The population consists of 800 persons, chiefly
liberated negroes from Sierra Leone.

There is a small militia garrison of about sixty persons, and several
stores containing a little of everything, which articles they ship off
in smaller vessels who barter up the adjoining rivers with the natives
for palm-oil and ivory.

Although there are a vast number of palms on the island, the natives
have not been taught the advantage of collecting the oil, and bringing
it down to barter for British goods. They are as yet an idle and
indolent race, but I should think most useful and willing when once
they can be convinced of the advantages of industry. The trees are
felled by Kroomen. I saw one piece of timber measuring 5 feet square at
the smallest, and 60 feet long.

Mr. Beecroft was kind enough to have a couple of the largest trees
felled for us to see, and I think, next to the launching of a large
ship, it was the most magnificent sight I ever beheld.

We remained at Fernando Po for a week, sailing on 21st. On 23rd we were
overtaken by a moderate tornado, which lasted three hours, and ended in
a north-east breeze.

[Sidenote: Nov. 25.]

Came to in West Bay, Prince’s Island, to gain intelligence of the
senior Commander, under whose orders I was about to place myself.

This is an exceedingly pretty and secure little bay, well adapted for
cruisers to complete wood and water. There are sugar-loaf mountains
and other shaped hills which give the island a picturesque appearance.
It belongs to the Portuguese.

[Sidenote: Nov. 27.]

Anchored in Church Bay, at which place Doña Ferraz, widow of the
Portuguese Governor of Prince’s Island, holds her court. She is a very
kind and hospitable lady of rather dark complexion, and fond of the
English.

Doña Ferraz has five of these large houses, around which the negro huts
are prettily arranged, each having its garden in front.

The _slavery_ was only in the name; I never saw a set of people more
happy and contented, or more devoted than they are to their mistress.

We remained a couple of days, during which time I was “Madame’s” (the
name she always goes by) guest.

I noticed, tending the table, some smart-looking boys, of a much
lighter complexion than the generality of the slave children. I found
on inquiry that they were all born at West Bay, where British cruisers
go for wood and water.

However, after a certain age, “Madame” gives them their freedom, a
piece of ground, and a small sum of money.

About four o’clock in the afternoon a rakish schooner hove in sight,
coming round the northernmost point of the bay, but on seeing us, she
bore up.

We immediately weighed and made all sail in chase, but directly after
sunset in the tropics, when there is no moon, it becomes exceedingly
dark. At daylight nothing of our chase was to be seen.

[Sidenote: Nov. 29.]

Fell in with a brig, 450 slaves on board. Prize to _Scout_, 18,
Commander R. Craigie.




CHAPTER XX

THE _CHILDERS_ BRIG


[Sidenote: 1837. Dec. 2.]

Arrived off the Bonny, and at sunset made sail in chase of another
schooner, which managed to get away from us during the night.

[Sidenote: Dec. 4.]

At daylight we were again off the Bonny, where we found _Pelican_. I
received orders from Commander Popham to cruise between latitudes 4°
and 2° north, longitude 3° 30′ and 6° east and the coast, and to wait
off Cape Formosa for _Buzzard_, who would supply us with provisions.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Last night, while cruising off Cape Formosa under topsails, a sail was
reported ahead. All sail was made in chase, and, having a fresh breeze,
in an hour we came up with her.

There is nothing so exciting as a chase, especially at night, when you
cannot make out what you are in chase of. Even the men of the watch
below turn out to look on, as soon as within range.

We dropped a shot under her quarter, upon which she rounded to, and,
to our disappointment, proved to be the _Pink_, an English brig from
Liverpool, come to trade for palm-oil.

[Sidenote: Dec. 10.]

At daylight we sighted a rakish-looking schooner on our lee bow. A shot
brought her to. She was from the Havana, under Portuguese colours, come
out for a cargo of slaves.

We soon after made a man-of-war to windward, which proved to be
_Waterwitch_. She brought us orders to proceed to our station.

In the afternoon, while at dinner, a strange sail was reported in-shore
of us. We both made sail, steering one to the eastward and the other to
the west of the stranger.

[Illustration: _A Slaver._]

Just before sunset we discovered that she had another vessel in
company. We lost sight of them after sunset, but, continuing our course
in-shore, about nine o’clock, with the assistance of a bright moon and
a night glass, we discovered three vessels at anchor off the river St.
Barbara. They were all of them slavers belonging to the Havana--the
_Fecilidades_, brig, carrying 2 guns, 228 tons, 42 men, and the _Maria
Segunda_, schooner, 1 gun, 107 tons, 28 men.

One of them was prepared to take in a cargo of slaves, the others,
a brig and schooner, had lately arrived, and had not yet got rid
of their trading cargo. They had more the appearance of yachts than
slavers.

Three days afterwards, the _Maria Segunda_, with slaves on board,
escaped from the _Waterwitch_ boats. Her gig was the only boat that got
hold of her. She was commanded by a midshipman named Bowles, who held
on a quarter of an hour after he had one killed and another man wounded
out of a crew of four.

The slaver had eight men killed. Mr. Bowles used a fowling-piece,
with which his coxswain remarked he picked them off as if he had been
shooting larks. The cutter and pinnace never succeeded in getting
alongside, although they exchanged shots.

The slave trade will never be put a stop to unless by the consent of
the European Powers.

Although the Spaniards and a few Portuguese and Brazilians are the only
fellows who have enterprise sufficient to engage in the trade, there is
not a vessel on the coast that is not supplied with papers allowing her
to wear the colours of other nations; the Spanish flag is nearly the
only one that is never seen. A beautiful Spanish brig which fitted out
at Barcelona, close to us, was found under Russian colours.

Lieutenant Hill, of the _Saracen_, having boarded a brigantine manned
by Spaniards, but under Portuguese colours, had her Captain on board
with his papers, and on Hill telling him his papers would not do, as
they mentioned he was manned with two-thirds Portuguese, he exclaimed:
“I am the most unfortunate fellow in the world. This is the third
vessel I have lost in two years. That blackguard at Porto Praya told me
they were all correct, and I paid him a thousand dollars.” But Hill
could not detain him.

Last year there were upwards of 30,000 negroes taken off from the coast
of Africa, to the northward of the “Line.” In spite of the vigilance of
about thirteen of our cruisers, nine out of ten slavers escape. I have
no doubt that as many more slaves are shipped to the southward of the
“Line.” For every slaver taken by the British cruisers, an extra price
is put on the slaves when they arrive at their destination; and, as
their value increases, so will the number of vessels employed.

The Captain of the _John Begg_, a Liverpool brig from Old Calabar,
who had purchased 500 slaves, was so closely blockaded by one of
our cruisers that he kept them penned up, and 200 of them died of
starvation. He afterwards left them to their fate, and of course they
were resold to the next vessel that arrived. Many negroes voluntarily
leave their country, and come to the islands of St. Thomas and Prince’s
to live with their countrymen who had been bought.

[Sidenote: Dec. 11.]

We now proceeded to our cruising-ground, and for twenty-one days saw
nothing but a palm-tree, washed out of some river. We were completely
out of fresh provisions, and the only thing to break through the
dullest three weeks I ever passed at sea was the hooking of a shark or
dolphin, both of which, latterly, we considered luxuries. To add to the
enlivenment of the scene, we were enveloped in a thick haze, occasioned
by the Hamattan wind, which generally, in these latitudes, commences in
the month of January. It is a hot, dry wind; the haze, which neither
sun nor moon can penetrate, is occasioned by the white dust or fine
sand blown off the deserts of Africa. One’s view is confined to within
a cable’s length of the ship. Vessels near the land generally get so
completely covered with it that it takes several days to wash with
fresh water. Our look-out men from the mast-head and foreyard-arm looked
like millers.

During the Hamattans slavers generally escape.




CHAPTER XXI

A RENDEZVOUS OF CRUISERS


[Sidenote: 1838. Jan. 1.]

Latitude 4° north and longitude 4° east on the first Monday of the
month was the appointed rendezvous for nearly all the cruisers.

On our arrival, we found _Pelican_, _Scout_, and _Fair Rosamond_
already there. Our old fellow-cruiser _Columbine_, Commander Thomas
Henderson, joined the following morning.

[Sidenote: Jan. 3.]

_Saracen_ and _Bonetta_ arrived; they had parted company with _Dolphin_
the previous night.

[Sidenote: Jan. 5.]

_Forester_ arrived from England to relieve _Columbine_. Being to the
northward, we were the first to notice a strange sail. The senior
officer, Commander Popham, of the _Pelican_, mustered the crews and
inspected the vessels of all of us, which he did with the pomp and show
of an Admiral. He invited the Commanders to dinner, and did the whole
thing very well. _Pelican_ was in good discipline, beautifully clean
and neat about the rigging.

We had no manœuvring; this coast is not the station for it. The climate
is bad, and the cruisers seldom have all their men on board. None of
them had points in their sails below the second reef, and sky-sails
seemed the order of the day.

_Scout_ loomed large in the Mosquito Fleet; she was clean and very nice
inside.

_Columbine_ looked as she always did--beautiful. I think her by far the
most perfect of Symonds’ craft. No man understood better how to fit a
sail than Henderson.

_Saracen’s_ Commander, Hill, is an active fellow, but his vessel is a
brute, and nothing could make her sail or look decent.

Some changes took place in the distribution of the squadron. We took
_Columbine’s_ station, to windward of the Bight of Benin, and had the
mortification of seeing her depart for old England before us, although
a shorter time in commission.

_Forester_ lost six of her crew on her way down from Sierra Leone.

Of the prize crew sent up by _Fair Rosamond_ with her Scotch prize, all
had died except the officer.

Of two prize crews from _Bonetta_, only four men returned alive.

_Curlew_ lost three men of her crew: last year she had been nearly
unmanned from deaths.

The _Raven_ cutter, surveying, was lying at Accra, so disabled from
loss of men and officers as to be unable to go to sea.

Popham decided to go to them at once.

[Sidenote: Jan. 7.]

Having obtained provisions from _Bonetta_, and put letters for England
on board _Columbine_, we parted for our station--latitude 4° north to
the land and the meridian of Greenwich. The weather was thick and hazy;
a Hamattan had just commenced.

[Sidenote: Jan. 11.]

Not having been able to get a correct observation, we were steering for
the land with leads both going, when I discovered through the fog a
vessel at anchor. Boats were hoisted out, manned, armed, and away in
a few minutes--in fact they were alongside the vessel before she had
seen us. In hoisting my gig from off the booms, the foreyard tackle got
choked, but cleared with a jerk, pitched Lathom across the gunwale and
broke his arm. We were obliged to invalid him home. He was a steady,
good man, and a born artist. The vessel proved to be the _Camoëns_, a
lovely brig of 180 tons under Portuguese colours. She carried one long
gun, and was nearly ready for taking a cargo of slaves. She was painted
with a white ribbon--the first slaver we had seen so painted. Her
commander called himself Feliz Cosme Mendil.

On the same day, just as the men had dined, a sail ahead was
discovered. The wind was light, and the boats immediately sent away. On
closing with her, we found she had two large canoes (such as are used
for embarking slaves) towing astern. Observing the boats’ crews had got
on board, and appeared inclined to remain, we concluded that we had
at last caught a prize. We sent on board and examined her. The canoes
astern were for landing her cargo. Found five negroes on board and
seventeen more in the boats astern, and I believe, had we sent her to
Sierra Leone, she would have been condemned, as the negroes, although
not part of her cargo, were the property of a slave-dealer, who was on
board for the purpose of purchasing. But, taking into consideration
the dreadful mortality among the prize crews lately sent to Sierra
Leone, as well as the small value of a nearly empty vessel, we did not
detain her. The slave procurer was sent on board the _Childers_ to be
examined, when he was immediately recognised by some liberated African
boys who were on board as part complement from _Columbine_. These boys
had been kidnapped or bought--one was bought for a keg of rum--by
these brutes and sold to the captain of a slave-vessel, which vessel
had been captured by one of our cruisers. They spotted him, and would
have torn the shirt off his back had they not been prevented. One boy
stated that this fellow had stolen him and buried him in the sand on
the beach for a whole day with nothing out but his head, over which the
fiend placed a calabash, and threatened to kill the boy if he made a
noise.

The African children captured in the slave-vessels are sent to school
at Sierra Leone, and, when big enough, are put on board men-of-war on
the station, and placed under artificers to enable them to learn some
trade by which to maintain themselves. The boys turn out very well, but
little is ever made of the grown-up negroes.

The vessel was another beautiful brig called the _Amigos_, with raking
masts and a white ribbon, which appears to be the fashion on this part
of the coast. She was 150 tons, and had a crew of twenty-five men. The
master was a Portuguese named Don Ferando José Canieras, an obliging,
civil fellow. Most of the captains of these slavers are superior men;
some belong to good Spanish and Portuguese families; generally young. I
believe many of them take command of these vessels for the excitement
of the service. Canieras appeared a gentleman-like fellow: above having
any personal dislike to us from the unpleasant duty on which we were
employed. He invited me to dine with him, and offered his services in
boats, and many other ways.

One of the slavers on the coast is commanded by a man from Barcelona,
who had been on board _Childers_ at a dance and supper I gave three
years ago.

From the _Dos Amigos_ we ascertained we were off Cape St. Paul’s, the
Hamattan having changed the direction of the current, which we found
setting strong to the westward.

[Sidenote: Jan. 13.]

Having been on salt grub for more than a month, sent pinnace into
Quitta for bullocks and water, intending to return in a day or two.
Stood to the eastward.

[Sidenote: Jan. 14.]

At daylight found ourselves close off Little Popoe, in which lay
three suspicious-looking vessels. _El Liberal_, master Don Francisco
Gonzalo, was a fine brig of 160 tons, mounting two guns, with a crew of
twenty-six men. She was not quite ready for her slaves, having still
part of her trading cargo on board.

The _Dulcinea_, a small schooner of 81 tons, and crew of 18 men,
appeared to be perfectly ready for taking her slaves on board. She,
too, was a rakish American-built craft. Her Captain, Don Fernando
Penez, was on shore.

The third, the _Louisa_, was a pretty brigantine of 120 tons, carrying
a crew of 24 men, commanded by Don Juan Fanara Amez. She appeared
nearly ready for a start.

Having examined each vessel, we ran along the coast to Quitta and fresh
beef.

About twelve miles to the westward of Little Popoe, a large canoe came
off to offer the services of the owner, a Caboceer, an independent
chief. He sported over his house a large white flag with a Dutch head
to it.

The coxswain of the boat, who brought off his master’s gold stick
of office for a bottle of rum, informed us that the slave schooner
_Dulcinea_, at Popoe, would embark between 200 and 300 slaves, and that
she would get under way at 3 P.M., and was cruising about to see if the
coast was clear. At 6 o’clock she was to embark her slaves. I promised
the fellow, in case of capture, $20 for his information.

In the evening we boarded a Brazilian polacca brig belonging to the
same owners as one of the slave vessels we had already examined. But
though not fitted for slaves, she brought from Bahia that sort of cargo
generally used in the purchase of them.

[Sidenote: Jan. 16.]

On arriving off Quitta, we found the _Dos Amigos_, whose Captain had
been kind in lending his canoes to get off our fresh provisions, and
before our arrival accommodated the officers and stewards with beds.

The only return we could make for his courtesy would be to capture him
when he had embarked his slaves.

We found here a Portuguese who called himself “John Thomson,” speaking
English, ready to give any information respecting slave vessels. Having
given him full directions and a promise, hoisted boats in and stood out
to sea as if going off the coast, and then proceeded off Little Popoe
to watch the movements of the _Dulcinea_.

On the afternoon of the appointed day we were all anxiety. The weather
was hazy, but we kept well in the offing, and at 5 P.M. bore up for the
land.

Just at sunset observed through the haze a sail to leeward. We made
sail, and were closing with chase when dark claimed her.

She being in-shore, we steered such a course as, in our calculation,
must have cut her off, but we shortly discovered breakers on the beach,
and no sail. _El Liberal_ being the only vessel there, we stood out
to sea again in hopes of cutting _Dulcinea_ off to the south-east, as
after dark she must have bore up and run along the beach to leeward.

[Sidenote: Jan. 18.]

The following day, at noon, we gave it up, and made sail for Quitta,
to see what news my new acquaintance “Mr. Thomson” might have obtained.

[Sidenote: Jan. 19.]

Next day, at noon, when steering towards Quitta, the weather hazy, sail
was seen on the weather bow, and we went in chase. We soon discovered
her to be a man-of-war brigantine, and it was not, owing to the
haze, until after we had pitched a shot somewhere near her that she
discovered us, when we exchanged numbers with _Dolphin_; she is the
nicest-looking vessel we have seen, and appears in very good order.

She had been about eighteen months in commission, and had captured
16,000 slaves--nine different vessels. But all the officers, with the
exception of the clerk-in-charge, and most of the crew had fallen
victims to the climate. Every one of her prizes had been taken by
falling upon them accidentally.

It took us the remainder of the afternoon to supply _Dolphin_ with
provisions. Just as we had finished, a small schooner was running past,
and, although we had our heads in the direction to cut her off, she did
not seem inclined either to shorten sail or show colours.

I directed a shot to be fired across her bows, which happened to fall
within a few yards of her; down came her sails.

It was the Portuguese schooner, _San Igual_, 87 tons, mounting two long
nines, carrying 24 men. The master, José Ferreira, with the usual cargo
of cloth and tobacco; only thirty-three days from the Havana. She had
been boarded by the _Hyacinth_.

_Dolphin_ parted for Prince’s Island and we for Quitta, where we got
water, not particularly good.

[Sidenote: Jan. 20.]

In the evening observed the vessels at anchor in Whydah Roads. Whydah
was formerly famous for slaves, but owing to the great Fernandez not
being so active as he used to be, the slave captains prefer Lagos.

[Sidenote: Jan. 22.]

We found the _Espartante_, a fine Brazilian brig, 250 tons, a crew of
17, mounting two long 12-pounders, belonging to Bahia; the _Julia_, a
Portuguese brig, Don Antonio Lavandeira, 94 tons, fitted for the slave
trade; and the _Feliceades_, Don José Iguanoda Costa, a fine brig, 176
tons, carrying 18 men, with two 12-pounders. She was flying Portuguese
colours, and fitted for slaves.

Finding nothing on which I could lay hands, ran to the limits of my
station and commenced working to windward, to try our luck about forty
miles off-shore.

[Sidenote: Jan. 26.]

Having got as far as Cape St. Paul’s, went on to Accra, the only
civilised place. Sent the pinnace to reconnoitre, and the cutter to
Occo, another likely place.

[Sidenote: Jan. 29.]

Arrived off Accra. As it was thirteen miles to the westward of our
station, did not anchor. We found no less than eleven vessels at
anchor; among them the _Triumphant_, a French corvette, 900 tons,
mounting twenty-four long 32-pounders. She could not sail, and was
attended by a schooner, looking as nice as paint and putty could make
her.

_El Liberal_ brought the account of our having boarded her in Popoe
Roads, about two hours after the departure of the _Dulcinea_ with her
cargo of slaves.

[Sidenote: Jan. 30.]

The next morning we met the brig _Enterprise_, under Portuguese
colours, the largest slaver on the coast. De Souza, her master, is an
intelligent, well-educated young Spaniard, whose father is the owner of
half the slavers on the coast.

In the evening at Senegal found two vessels, the schooner _Josephine_
and _Diligente_ brig, at anchor off Occo, both ready for embarkation
of slaves. We remained invisibly near for two days.

The time allowed for the provisions in the boats having expired, and
the time of rendezvous at hand, we were obliged to give it up.

Found the _Diligente_, a fine brig of 174 tons, with her slave deck
partly laid, water completed. By way of deception the first two
breakers that came to hand (and which are generally tasted by the
boarding officer to ascertain if they are filled with fresh water, if
for ballast with salt) were found filled with salt, the remainder fresh.

The same attempt at deception was practised by the _Joseph_ schooner.

[Sidenote: Feb. 3.]

Fell in with the _Fortuna_; she was coming to an anchor in man-of-war
style off Owye, as we were standing in towards Quitta to pick up the
boats.

From the description I had received of the vessel, I knew her the
moment we saw her, and went on board to see her Captain, José
Antinio Barbozo, being the same man who commanded the large slaver
_Velo_ when she fought the _Primrose_ in 1820. He is a handsome,
intelligent-looking man, a Biscayan. He bore the marks of the action
about him, having but one arm.

The _Fortuna_ is also a very handsome brig, in beautiful order.

Barbozo informed us of the _Saracen’s_ having chased a schooner off
Whydah, full of slaves, which, however, got away. The _Fortuna_
observed the _Saracen_ before the slaver, and made a private signal,
which enabled her to escape.

Don José was civil. He pressed me to breakfast; offered cigars, etc.

[Sidenote: Feb. 6.]

This being the appointed day for our rendezvous, we had no time to
lose. We got there during the night, and at daylight exchanged numbers
with _Scout_ and _Saracen_.

[Sidenote: Feb. 7.]

The senior officer not coming in, we parted, but not until _Scout_ had
beaten us in a royal breeze on a bowline, she being the same vessel
that three years ago we beat in the Mediterranean.

Having more guns than we were likely to use, six of them were sent
below, where they were suspended by chains on the lower deck to the
midship stanchions, to accelerate speed.

[Sidenote: Feb. 11.]

2 P.M.--A sail reported on weather-bow; breeze light and variable.

It being a likely place, we immediately gave chase, and, by tacking
and manœuvring, at sunset we had gained considerably on a fore-and-aft
rigged schooner, evidently trying to escape us. We were, however,
gaining considerably, but night came on and hid him from our view.

At Quitta we fell in with the _Mansfield_, a Liverpool palm-oil ship.
Her master murdered two natives in the Old Calabar river a few months
back.

All the trade for palm-oil and ivory is carried on with the natives by
means of barter, one merchant supplying the natives with rum, clothes,
etc.; not being particular, the rum is frequently watered.

The natives soon detected this, and thought they had equal right to
water their oil (forgetting it is more easily discovered), and took
alongside the _Mansfield_ two small casks of oil mixed with water.

Of course, when this was discovered, the casks were returned to them
with the usual allowance of blows and abuse, which is on all occasions
liberally bestowed by skippers and mates on the unfortunate negroes.

Unluckily for the two with the watered oil, brave Captain Lillie came
off from the shore, and got on deck from the opposite side of the
vessel before the canoe was out of hail, and being indignant that the
blacks should have attempted to play off such a trick on him, hailed
the canoe to come alongside.

The natives, knowing what they might expect, gave way like devils for
the shore. The skipper then discharged a fowling-piece, which, being
loaded with small shot, had no effect; he then deliberately loaded a
musket, and with one shot killed both poor fellows!

In this part of the world murders are far too often committed with
impunity, and complaints are made by the merchants that men-of-war
afford trade no protection.

Of course the natives retaliate, and, what with sickness and accidents,
our merchant vessels generally lose two-thirds of their crews.

[Sidenote: Feb. 14.]

Arrived in West Bay. Completed water; sailed the following day to join
the senior officer off Lagos.

On arriving on the coast station, look-out men are stationed at each
masthead, one of the crew and the other a Krooman, with the reward of a
doubloon for the one who should first see a sail that proved a prize.

We showed no lights at night; a small hole in the binnacle was all that
was allowed the helmsman. We had one of the smartest signalmen I had
met, whom I supplied with a glass worthy of him.

A sail to the north being announced, the signalman went aloft and
reported a square-rigged vessel before the wind. On deck he expressed
his opinion that she was a man-of-war. We expected none from that
direction. He judged from the squareness of her yards, and soon
described her as an 18 gun sloop. He had counted the cloths in her
main topgallant sail; later, when he could see the foreyard above the
horizon, he pronounced her as from home. I thought this a rather strong
assertion, and inquired: “How the deuce he could tell?”

He drew my attention to three mid-ship cloths of the fore-topsail being
discoloured.

“What had that to do with it?”

He explained that the look-out men were young hands, and their stomachs
could not stand the difference of motion in a swell.

She proved to be the _Modeste_, 18, commanded by Harry Eyres, just from
home.

[Sidenote: Feb. 20.]

Arrived at Lagos, having had but one chase since leaving West Bay, and
she proved to be _Fair Rosamond_.

Fell in with senior officer, and from him learned our orders were to
return home. What is very provoking, they had been out some six months;
I had been promoted December 5, 1837. There was also a letter from the
Admiral, desiring me to proceed to Spithead in October of last year!

We found _Scout_, _Dolphin_, and _Pelican_, with whom we remained a day
or two, to enable them to write letters for England.

[Sidenote: Feb. 22.]

Parted company, with orders from Popham to join the Commander-in-Chief
at Ascension.

Arrived at Accra, and took in stock and other necessaries. We got
pretty well filled with parrots, monkeys, tiger-cats, crown birds (a
beautiful species of crested stork), and all sorts of curiosities, dead
and alive.

Our chief object in calling here was to take leave of our friend
Bannerman, whose kindness and attention to the service nothing could
exceed.

The Danish Governor, Lieutenant Murck, paid me a visit, and returned
our parting salute.

The time between quitting Accra and crossing the “Line” was the only
chance we had of picking up a prize. South of the equator, if we found
slavers, we were forbidden to capture them.

Although ordered home in October of last year, and now a captain, I had
nothing to show for it, and was sent by Commander Brunswick Popham to
join the Commander-in-Chief at Ascension, in case he might have letters
for England.

We had toiled much and caught nothing, and were approaching the
equator, on the south of which slavers were free. On going below, I
thought how nice it would be if we could finish our commission by the
capture of one.

I was awoke just before daylight by the officer of the watch announcing
something to leeward. Followed him on deck with my Dollond, and took up
a position on the forecastle.

There could be no mistake--the rake of her masts, the small peak to her
boom mainsail, the perfect set of her sails.

We had made all sail in chase, and were gaining on her. Ordered an
officer and prize crew to be ready. At eight bells we had risen the
foot of mainsail. She altered course, which was in our favour.

The wind fell. With fire-engine and fire-buckets passed up, wetted our
well-worn sails. She moved slowly, with occasional airs; so did we.

Night fell calm and dark. Ten o’clock, out boats, and sent them in
chase, with water and steering compasses.

At 11.10 moon rose, bringing a light breeze. Our brig, being light,
skimmed over the water, as did our chase. Having to hoist in boats,
although we kept in sight all the next day, we lost our chance.

[Sidenote: Mar. 12.]

Called at Prince’s Island, watered ship, and took leave of Madame
Ferraz.

[Sidenote: Mar. 29.]

Came to off Ascension. Found _Fair Rosamond_ and _Raven_.

[Sidenote: April 1.]

Arrived _Thalia_, with flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Patrick Campbell, who,
after receiving our Kroomen, ordered us home.

It appeared to me that while cruisers are not allowed by treaties
with Spain and Portugal to capture vessels fitted for the slave trade
without slaves on board, we did more harm than good. Along the coast
negroes are brought from the interior and confined in pens, and, when
closely watched by our cruisers, are frequently starved to death.

If a slaver is captured with slaves on board, the price rises on
the other side of the Atlantic, which is immediately followed by an
increase in the number of vessels that come out. Some of these vessels
are owned by the sons of wealthy Spaniards, who purchase American
clippers, easily fitted as slavers, who come to the coast of Africa as
much on pleasure as business.

The little Spanish I picked up at Barcelona enabled me to converse
freely with these agreeable young roués, who, if they did not carry
slaves, easily kept our cruisers employed by drawing their attention
from the coast to chase these yacht-like slavers. They found matches in
our fifteen cruisers.

[Sidenote: May 20.]

Arrived at Portsmouth.

[Sidenote: May 21.]

_Childers_ inspected by Captain Dundas of _Britannia_.

[Sidenote: May 26.]

Visited by Rear-Admiral Superintendent the Hon. Duncombe Bouverie. Ship
paid off.

On _Childers_ going into dock, it was discovered that seven feet of her
false keel was partly athwart ships, which accounts for the escape of
several loaded slavers. I _thought_ she sailed better on one tack than
on the other.




CHAPTER XXII

ENGLAND


[Sidenote: 1838. June.]

In this book I profess to write my sailor life only. But what I laughed
at as a boy I now regret as a man, and the next few pages may be
skipped.

Now my own master, lodging in Charles Street, Berkeley Square, and
attached to the staff of the Duke of Sussex. I renewed my acquaintance
with General Sir John Crosbie, who had arrived for the season, in Lower
Grosvenor Street, with his handsome family.

On June 14 I attained my twenty-ninth year; was franked to Epsom in
a hansom by my brother officer, Lord Frederick Gordon. At Prince
Esterhazy’s ball the following night, and to that of the Queen on the
18th, the anniversary of Waterloo.

I see, too, that having dined with Maynard at Knightsbridge Barracks
one Sunday evening, we adjourned to Limmer’s, where we were joined
by Lord Waterford and three drags fresh from a whitebait dinner at
Greenwich. We got involved in a row in Conduit Street, and I passed the
night in Marlborough Street Station.

Next morning three others as well as myself were had up before the
sitting magistrate and fined £5 each, which I could ill afford; but the
most unpleasant part was our names appearing in the papers next day
under the heading of “Ruffianism in High Life.”

[Sidenote: June 28.]

I was present in Westminster Abbey at the coronation of our most
gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, on June 28. A splendid spectacle. It
was of further interest to see the peeresses putting on their coronets,
taking time from Her Majesty. Amongst them was my sister Anne, who was
made Countess of Leicester on the accession of the Queen.

The following day I was at a full-dress ball given by Lady Lansdowne to
the Foreign Ambassadors. There I saw, talking together, Marshal Soult,
Prince Talleyrand, and the Duke of Wellington.

[Sidenote: July.]

Early in July was at a very jolly party given at the Star and Garter,
Richmond, by the famous sculptor, Sir Francis Chantrey.

On the 5th dined with Charlie Napier, it being the anniversary of his
victory over Don Miguel’s fleet.

On July 6 attended the Duke of Sussex to a full-dress ball given by
Marshal Soult, who had come as special Ambassador, to represent France
at the Queen’s coronation. Duke of Wellington there.

About this time was troubled with a violent cough, which spoilt my fun,
and obliged me to forego the Lord Mayor’s and other entertainments. All
other remedies failing, decided on change of air, and a visit to my
late Chief, Admiral Sir Josias Rowley, in Ireland. Started by rail to
Birmingham, and dined at Liverpool the same evening, although we had to
coach some forty miles, the line not being then complete. I got rid of
my cough _en route_. So much for change of air.

Passed an agreeable week at Mount Campbell with the Rowleys, a lovely
spot on the banks of the Shannon, returning by the Sligo mail to Dublin.

Sir John Crosbie left London for Watergate at the end of July, taking
me with him for the Goodwood week. Sir Joseph Hawley, who joined at the
same time, owned the _Mischief_ yacht, and invited the Watergate party
for a cruise.

We embarked at Portsmouth for Cowes Regatta, the General and his
daughters landing each evening to sleep at Portsmouth, Cowes,
Southampton, or wherever the yacht happened to be.

[Sidenote: August.]

After a charming cruise we returned to Watergate. Having landed the
Crosbies, Hawley and I went round the coast, touching at Dover, where
I visited my friends the Rices, at Dane Court, their eldest son Edward
having been with me in the _Childers_.

Continuing our cruise, we anchored in Holkham Bay on October 24.
Landed on the beach and walked up to the house, making our unexpected
appearance just in time for dinner.

The wind still continuing fresh from the westward, we sailed for
Antwerp and Flushing, and anchored the following evening between the
two, going on by rail to Brussels, where we spent three pleasant days,
meeting the Montagues, Ranelagh, and others.

There being no chance of a change of wind, Hawley, who was anxious
to get to the Mediterranean, decided on proceeding to Italy through
France, and offered to frank me, which I was too much of a spoon to
accept.

[Sidenote: Dec.]

I spent the next fortnight in London, like a man about to do something
desperate. One day I walked to the Stud House, fourteen miles, to
dinner.

[Sidenote: 1839. Feb. 16.]

Got my father to apply to the Archbishop of Canterbury for a special
license, which he granted, conferring his blessing on me at the same
time.

[Sidenote: Feb. 21.]

The General, with Georgie and Kate Crosbie, arrived at the Brunswick
Hotel from Watergate.

[Sidenote: Feb. 25.]

Kate and I were married at St. George’s, Hanover Square. My father gave
the breakfast. We took our departure for Hastings, sitting behind two
pairs of Mr. Newman’s greys.

[Sidenote: May 25.]

We went to the Birthday Drawing-room, afterwards to the Master of
Horse’s full-dress official dinner.

We were at the Queen’s ball, London. Almack’s was seldom missed.

[Sidenote: June 18.]

Attended the wedding of Sara Crosbie and Sir Joseph Hawley at St.
George’s, Hanover Square.

Returned by mail to Portsmouth; went on alone to Plymouth to see my
old friend and Captain, Lord John Churchill, just ready for sea in the
_Druid_, my old shipmates, George Goldsmith and Jonas Coaker, both
belonging to her.

[Sidenote: August.]

We went on a visit to my cousins the Delmés at Cams. While
there, established a friendship with Captain Sir Francis
Collier--extraordinary good story-teller.

Invited to meet the Duke of Sussex at Southwick. Frank Collier among
the guests.

[Sidenote: Aug. 20.]

Took Henry Coke to Gosport, where he became one of “Burney’s Bulldogs”
preparatory to entering the Navy.

[Sidenote: Oct. 21.]

Took temporarily a house at Wells.

[Sidenote: Nov. 28.]

Returned to Droxford; arranging future home; thence to London.

[Sidenote: Nov. 30.]

A day of troubles. On arrival in Arlington Street, found letters from
my sister Anne, announcing the unexpected confinement of my wife,
whose life had been spared, but not that of the child. Got to the
post-office, Lombard Street, as the Cambridge mail was coming out
_full_. Told cabman to follow the mail, which he did for three miles
before it stopped at the Pot and Flower.

Offered £5 for a place. It being the last day of the month, the mail
was unusually heavy with newspapers and monthly publications. The guard
allowed me to stand on the iron step till we reached Cambridge. It
was bitterly cold, with snow falling. At Cambridge I got an outside
place on the pair-horse mail to Lynn, and so to Wells, where I arrived
exhausted. Found wife better than I expected. The small body had been
taken to Wareham by my brother Tom, where I went next day and saw the
child in its coffin.

In the afternoon Tom and I dug a hole in his garden, where my little
Rufus was buried.

The engagement of the Queen to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg was
announced on November 23.




CHAPTER XXIII

SHORE TIME


[Sidenote: 1840. Jan. 20.]

Left Holkham with wife for Watergate while Droxford was being made
habitable.

[Sidenote: Feb. 3.]

Jack Crosbie, who was laid up in bed, gave me a mount with Wyndham’s
hounds. Meet at Aldsworth Bridge: found at Stanstead; through Watergate
and Up Park; killed at the Semaphore, West Marden; fast run, forty
minutes, Jack’s horse distinguishing himself.

[Sidenote: Feb. 10.]

Queen’s wedding-day. My father and brother George present. Had a mount
on Bill Crosbie’s Brown Windsor. Meet at Aldsworth Bridge.

[Sidenote: April 3.]

General Crosbie, wife, and self dined at Goodwood to meet the Duke of
Cambridge.

[Sidenote: April 28.]

Went to London. Lunched next day with father at Buckingham Palace.

[Sidenote: May 9.]

Invitation for wife and self to the Queen’s ball. To London by “Yeoman”
coach. Dined with father, and so to the ball.

[Sidenote: May 25.]

Returned to Watergate. Rode with Frank Collier to see Southwick, which
had been completely burnt down. The loss to Mr. Thistlewaite fully
£25,000, independent of insurance.

[Sidenote: June 1.]

To Winchester, by train to London. Attended committee at our failing
Old Naval Club in Bond Street.

On returning, our train, stopping at the curve, Fareham, was run into
by an engine at full speed. Many hurt, but no lives lost, three empty
horse-boxes, going for racers from Ascot, receiving the first shock.
Lord Saltoun bruised; Colonel Lambert cut about the face. Got late to
Droxford.

[Sidenote: June 22.]

Found my small groom, George, nearly exhausted, hanging on a high gate,
caught by the leg; was only just in time to rescue him.

During these last two years enjoyed sport with the Garniers, Delmés,
Sloane-Stanleys, Crosbies, and many others, never, if I could help it,
missing a day’s hunting.

[Sidenote: July 28.]

At Cams. Goodwood week. To races on Delmé’s drag. The Cup won by Duke
of Orleans’ Beggarman.

The best week ever known. My father gave me a cheque for £50, which I
dropped riding home. Sent a man to look for it; he found the cheque on
the road, four miles away, the envelope having been torn off.

[Sidenote: Aug. 1.]

Walked from Watergate to Droxford and back--fifteen miles each way.

[Sidenote: Sept. 15.]

Lady Farnham arrived. On coming down to dinner she called out,
“Ninety-five, and all alive!”

[Sidenote: Sept. 23.]

With George Payne to Rugby.

[Sidenote: Sept. 24.]

Some good rabbit-shooting at Lord Denbigh’s, Newnham Paddox.

[Sidenote: Sept. 25.]

By rail to grand musical festival at Birmingham. Went to see Warwick
Castle, which I thought second only to Windsor.

[Sidenote: Oct. 13.]

At Lord Denbigh’s, after shooting, tried to drive seven deer that had
got out of the park. Got a fine buck in; does will follow.

[Sidenote: Oct. 20.]

Lark across country to Dunchurch, I riding Sir Grey Skipwith’s young
Belzoni horse.

[Sidenote: Nov. 20.]

We went on a visit to the Stud House.

[Sidenote: Nov. 21.]

Express sent to father to go to Buckingham Palace. He returned in the
afternoon, having been present at the birth of the Princess Royal.

[Sidenote: Nov. 22.]

With my father to Buckingham Palace. Ate cake and drank caudle.

[Sidenote: Dec. 2.]

Visited the Seymours at Hampton Court.

[Sidenote: Dec. 3.]

Brother George arrived at Stud House, giving account of a man having
been found at midnight in a room adjoining the Queen’s bedroom.

The bones of the great Napoleon arrived in France.

[Sidenote: Dec. 9.]

With my father to the cattle show, Lord Spencer, Duke of Richmond, and
farmers overhauling fat beasts.

[Sidenote: Dec. 21.]

We started for Warwickshire, father, who never risked his life on a
railway, paying for our posters. Found a large family party at Newbold.

[Sidenote: Christmas Day.]

Six of Sir Grey Skipwith’s sons and as many daughters at dinner.

Skating in forenoon. Walked to Leamington--fifteen miles--where General
and family were staying. Put up by Lindsay.

[Sidenote: 1841. Jan. 1]

Mount on Sir Grey’s young horse, with the Atherstane. Meet at the
“Three Cocks”; fast thing of thirty minutes; some pretty jumping.

[Sidenote: Jan. 11.]

To Leamington for wife to consult Jephson, the famous surgeon.

[Sidenote: Mar. 13.]

Got another mount; meet with the Atherstane.

[Sidenote: Mar. 17.]

To Warwick Races.

[Sidenote: Mar. 18.]

To steeplechase near Offchurch. Sullivan, Maddocks, and Beauchamp in
the brook.

[Sidenote: Mar. 20.]

Back at Droxford. No place like home.

[Sidenote: April 1.]

To Milletts’ to dinner; sending wheelbarrow for traps. My wife’s health
obliged us at once to go abroad, without means to do so; but we went.

[Sidenote: May 25.]

At Aix-la-Chapelle met my respected Chief, Hyde Parker, and had some
pleasant walks with him.

[Sidenote: May 31.]

At Bonn saw some curious things in the museum; also a vault under
the church: about a score of dead monks laid in rows. They were well
preserved, having been kept so by no other means, our guide informed
us, than “God’s will,” owing to their sacred calling. They had been
there 300 years, and were disgusting to look at.

Without means for travelling comfortably, obliged to do much by river.

[Sidenote: June 23.]

Baden-Baden. A man in the Kursaal shook hands with me, because I looked
so “devilish like one of the family.” It was my brother Bury, whom I
had not seen for twelve years. His wife Fanny looking so pretty, and
but little altered.

[Sidenote: June 24.]

Dined with Bury--a good English dinner. Went to hell afterwards, and
lost forty-five francs.

[Sidenote: June 26.]

Early to hell, losing seventy-five francs. Took leave of Baden-Baden.
Started by _another_ dirty steamer for Wiesbaden, thence home.

[Sidenote: July 29.]

Arrived at Dover. Detained two hours at the Custom House, because I
would not pay a land-shark to clear my luggage.

[Sidenote: July 31.]

Goodwood races. To my regret could not go. Missed meeting father, whose
horse “Ralph” won the Drawing-room and Produce Stakes, and with a colt
by “Taurus,” the Racing Stakes. He most likely would have tipped me!




CHAPTER XXIV

_DIDO_ CORVETTE


[Sidenote: 1841. Aug.]

Heard from an old friend that a Captain, junior to myself, had declined
an offer of the _Dido_. I had homes in plenty, but these could not
last; my wife handsome and charming--we were welcomed everywhere; but
my means were small.

I went to the General, explained matters, which he had long foreseen.
While he lived, my wife, without encumbrances, would never be without a
home; but he could not live for ever.

I wrote to Lord Minto: “Understanding a junior had declined an
appointment to the _Dido_, I should be too glad to take her or anything
else.”

[Sidenote: Aug. 31.]

By the end of the month I was appointed to the _Dido_, 18, 734 tons--a
beautiful corvette, one of Symonds’ best.

[Sidenote: Sept. 3.]

Hurried to Sheerness, where I found my kind friend, Vice-Admiral Sir
Henry Digby, K.C.B., and Lady Andover, in command.

[Sidenote: Sept. 4.]

Hoisted the pennant--_Dido_ in commission. Sheerness was hardly the
place for lodging or accommodation, but the Lieutenant at the dockyard
gates kindly took wife and self in. We were always welcome at the
Admiral’s table.

The Captain-Superintendent, Sir John Hill, was a fine old seaman,
but ignorant of dockyard work. He had found favour with the Duke of
Wellington in assisting the landing of troops in Portugal.

My father, who commanded the Norfolk Militia, was here when the mutiny
broke out in 1797, and was in charge of the ringleader who had assumed
the name of Admiral Richard Parker. He was executed on June 30 with the
principal ringleaders. Many had escaped, but orders issued for their
apprehension wherever caught. I was told that more seamen were hanged
than had been in the mutiny.

Our Admiral’s house, although it loomed large, had but small
accommodation; the dining-room was the largest, and the table always
full. The guests kept a one-horse fly continually moving half an hour
before dinner.

But to return to my _Dido_. She was in an uncovered dock, masts out, no
copper on; rudder in a shed repairing, and 9 feet water in the hold.

I soon found that one of the warrant officers was devoid of
intelligence. Having selected a smart man, applied for an exchange, but
was informed that he was under a cloud: strongly suspected of having
set fire to the dockyard, that he might get credit for his exertions in
extinguishing it. Preferring a rogue to a fool, I succeeded in getting
him appointed. The first thing he did was to bore a hole in _Dido’s_
bottom and run the water off.

Subsequently, in China, the Commander-in-Chief, Sir Thomas Cochrane,
promoted him to the flag ship. No carpenter in the fleet could trace a
better white line on a ship’s side.

Eleven ships fitting at Chatham made it difficult to volunteer a crew;
but with a zealous and good set of officers we managed to get on.

We had the grand old _Vengeur_ for our hulk, but were turned over later
(to make room for a larger ship) to the _Shannon_, of _Chesapeake_ fame.

[Sidenote: Sept. 18.]

Our marines joined: we fast assumed a respectable appearance, and my
old shipmate and friend, Bulman, later purser of _Childers_, assumed
importance.

[Sidenote: Oct. 8.]

We were mustered by Captain Sir Thomas Trowbridge, a Lord of the
Admiralty.

[Sidenote: Oct. 26.]

Sent Mr. Boyle, mate, to Lynn to raise men.

[Sidenote: Oct. 27.]

Went on a visit to the Romneys at the Mote, Maidstone.

[Sidenote: Nov. 10.]

Heard of birth of the Prince of Wales. I little knew then, what a kind
good friend I was subsequently to find in H.R.H. Arthur Noad joined;
we had been shipmates ever since I left the Naval College. There was a
fine old pilot at Sheerness named Taylor, with whom wife and I lodged.
Taylor told me he had piloted 1400 men-of-war, of which 215 were ships
of the line.

Admiral shifted his flag from white at the fore to blue at the main,
which was saluted.

[Sidenote: Nov. 25.]

We were doing our best to have ship ready by December 1. Men had
joined. We were getting on rapidly in the basin. Anchors and chain
cables were close at hand.

Symonds’ formation of the hull of the _Dido_ was perfect, and with so
great a beam that she required no ballast.

Sir John Hill, expecting the Board of Admiralty down, ordered me to
cross topgallant yards, which were stopped up and down the lower
rigging. I suggested that with an empty, whitewashed hold, chain
cables, anchors, and water-tanks on shore alongside, it would be
unseamanlike to cross topgallant yards; at which Superintendent got
angry, and asked how I dared to disobey his orders. I replied hastily
that I did not care a straw about his orders while the flag was flying.
He went straight to the Admiral’s office. I was sent for. Inquiry took
place. Decision: That the Captain Superintendent was wrong, and that I
was disrespectful. We became great friends before parting.

[Sidenote: Nov. 23.]

Abbott, First Lieutenant, promoted. Glad as I was at the promotion of
my friend Abbott, it was a sad loss to _Dido_. Applied for Tottenham.
Had no time left to select a proper man, which gave me more work than I
anticipated.

[Sidenote: Nov. 25.]

Board of Admiralty arrived: Sir George Seymour, Mr. Corry, Captain
Brandreth, and Mr. Giffard, Secretary. Good fellows. Met them at the
Admiral’s table. They inspected dockyard, and admired _Dido_ much.
Luncheon with Sir John Hill.

Fitting rapidly, good seamen having joined.

[Sidenote: Dec. 1.]

Hauled out of basin; took in moorings.

[Sidenote: Dec. 7.]

Saluted my kind Chief on leaving the harbour.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Ran through the Downs following day. Wind headed and freshened into
a gale; took shelter with some 300 merchant vessels under Dungeness.
Light bore west-south-west. No means of communication with the shore.

[Sidenote: Dec. 14.]

Weather more moderate; wind veered to north-west. The whole fleet of
merchant vessels got under way. Having secured a snug in-shore berth,
we could not manage to be the first to get away. Weighed, and started
under topsails, jib, and spanker, although the crowd caused much
difficulty in keeping clear.

In addition to large trading-ships, there were fast clipper fruit
vessels, the skippers amusing themselves by taking the wind out
of other vessels’ sails. When outside, we were a mass of canvas
about three miles long by one in breadth. I imagined the beautiful
appearance of my _Dido_ was the cause of so many vessels keeping near.
On the weather bow was a decrepit collier, a fruit-clipper having taken
the wind out of her headsails. She was taken aback and got stern-way.
We had no room to bear up, but squared the main yard to caution those
astern. When I rushed forward, our bompkin was hanging by its rigging,
and all the collier’s crew, with the exception of the man at the helm,
who had only one leg, clambering on to our forecastle.

The brig had paid off; we, or, rather, she, had cut her own stern off,
leaving a full view of her captain’s cabin. On the foremost bulkhead
was suspended a pewter pot, a clay pipe, and a shore-going hat. The
table was still standing with pewter No. 2 on it.

A freshening breeze enabled the ships to open out. We sent a cutter
with the necessary hands to repair damages. The difficulty was to catch
the vessel. The one-legged helmsman had no control; up in the wind for
a minute, she would pay off and run before it.

When our carpenter’s crew got to work, they found the woodwork of her
stern so rotten that she could not hold the nails which were driven in.
We had to secure the tarpaulin over the remains of the stern. Her cargo
of coal was exposed. It was sunset before we got her into Folkestone.
Luckily, with wind off shore, the sea went down.

[Sidenote: Dec. 18]

Ran into Spithead in a thick fog. Saluted as soon as it was clear
enough to see the flag.

[Sidenote: Dec. 23.]

Admiral Sir Edward Codrington, G.C.B., having kindly sent his tender
off, took leave of wife. Sailed.

[Sidenote: Dec. 25.]

Arrived in Plymouth Sound. At Elliot the tailors found a big
youngster, Edward Rice, with a big dog, ready to join. Find, living
here, my old friend of the 98th, Eyre, and his charming wife, who took
me in.

[Sidenote: 1842. Jan. 2.]

_Volage_ and _Serpent_ sailed for China.

[Sidenote: Jan. 12.]

Further inquiry about the brig that ran us down off Dungeness.
However, it was satisfactorily made out that it was her own fault, and
suspicious that they only wanted to get the insurance.

[Sidenote: Jan. 20.]

Accompanied Eyre to the Calmadys, and stopped two days.

[Sidenote: Jan. 23.]

Among shore friends was Frank Sheridan, brother of Mrs. Norton, a
universal favourite. He was certainly the handsomest, as well as the
most accomplished, member of that remarkable family of brothers and
sisters--with more real wit, even, than his brother Charles. He had
been appointed Treasurer of the Mauritius, and, as I had to call at the
Cape, I requested the pleasure of his company that far. My cabin was
roomy, and I could easily swing two cots.

My other friend, Granville Loch, lately promoted to rank of
Captain--full of zeal, but being too junior for a command--was glad to
accompany me to China. There were a few troublesome people who rather
objected to Frank’s leaving the country, and who came down to Plymouth
to look after him.

While at Plymouth, Frank was the guest of Henry Eden, Flag-Captain to
Admiral Sir Graham Moore, G.C.B., a younger brother of late General Sir
John Moore. By way of assisting them, I arranged with Gran. Loch that
he and Frank should put themselves one fine night into the Falmouth
Mail, which, on its way from London, pulled up to drop the Plymouth
bags. At daylight, by a strange coincidence, they found the pretty
_Dido_ hove to off the mouth of Falmouth Harbour.

[Sidenote: Jan. 27.]

A fine young man, John Connell, found to have smallpox badly. Pleasant,
very, in our crowded state.

[Sidenote: Jan. 31.]

5 P.M.--Poor Connell died. Got up from dinner, read funeral service,
and committed the body to the deep.

[Sidenote: Feb. 5.]

Half the ship in quarantine. Moved the assistant-surgeon from
youngsters’ mess to my own, Gran. Loch not thinking much of the
arrangement. Frank Sheridan, enjoying his distress at contagion,
_would_ shake hands with both.

[Sidenote: Feb. 10.]

Poor little Jos. Rowley fell from masthead, striking spare main topsail
yard as he fell overboard. Was motionless until picked up. Wonderful
recovery an hour afterwards.

[Sidenote: Feb. 13.]

Arrived at St. Jago. Filled up with water. Was here in 1824, and again
in 1827, when with others I caught fever. No improvement in the place
since first visit.

[Sidenote: Feb. 18.]

Preparations making to receive Neptune. Griffins talking of resistance.

[Sidenote: Feb. 20.]

Sunday. An unfortunate shark was rash enough to swallow a piece of pork
with a hook and chain attached. After affording much sport he died.

[Sidenote: Feb. 22.]

Crossing the “Line,” Neptune shaved 160 victims. Sent letters by the
_Dale Park_. Odd that _Dale Park_ should be close to Watergate.

[Sidenote: Feb. 26.]

Cases of smallpox recovering.

[Sidenote: Mar. 18.]

Our run to-day 235 miles.

[Sidenote: Mar. 21.]

Broke up quarantine establishment, three weeks having elapsed since the
recovery of the last case of smallpox.

10 P.M.--Anchored in Simon’s Bay.

[Sidenote: Mar. 22.]

_Apollo_, _Belleisle_, and _Sapphire_ here with 98th Regiment--Colonel
Colin Campbell--and other troops for China.

[Sidenote: Mar. 23.]

Drove tandem to Cape Town with Gran. Loch. The Farmers Peck alive and
well.

[Sidenote: Mar. 24.]

No end of kindness and attention from old friends. Breakfasted with the
Lorentzs; called on the General and Judge Burton, with whom I stayed on
landing from the _Tweed_ in 1828.

[Sidenote: Mar. 26.]

Finding a vessel sailing for Mauritius, took leave of dear old Frank
Sheridan; put him on board and sailed.

Rifle practice at albatrosses, which must be cruising full 1600 miles
from land. Cold, pleasant weather.

[Sidenote: Mar. 27.]

A pleasant gale, scudding under close-reefed main topsail.

[Sidenote: April 1.]

As many fools to-day as there were yesterday.

[Sidenote: April 5.]

My _Dido_ fast, but very wet, shipping seas fore and aft. Hatches
battened down.

4 P.M.--Arrived within limits of East Indian station, having passed
66th degree of longitude.

[Sidenote: April 6.]

Shot a large gull, which measured 7 feet from tip to tip of wings; it
was not an albatross.

[Sidenote: April 11.]

Our run to-day 262 miles.

[Sidenote: April 18.]

Last evening my old friend Bulman fell through a small hatchway and
broke a rib; had him put into a cot in my cabin (he never left it
alive).

[Sidenote: April 24.]

Daylight made Christmas Island, having run 5500 miles without seeing
land. Towards evening several boobies settled about the rigging. One
vomited a large flying-fish, which Jim Hunt cooked and devoured.

[Sidenote: April 26.]

Java Head at last. More than three long months from Plymouth; and to
think that ours should be considered a quick passage!

[Sidenote: April 27.]

In the straits of Sunda.

[Sidenote: April 29.]

Last night, while running to the northward with a light three-knot
breeze, a most curious and unaccountable noise was heard, apparently
from outside; it lasted two hours. Carpenter examined, but it baffled
every attempt at discovery.

[Sidenote: April 30.]

My worthy old friend Bulman departed this life. In him I have lost a
real friend. I never knew a more honourable man in the strictest sense
of the word.

[Sidenote: May 1.]

Read funeral service and committed poor Bulman’s remains to the deep,
marines firing three volleys.

[Sidenote: May 7.]

Warlike symptoms on approaching Singapore. Roads full of ships.
Transports with soldiers in plenty. Anchored in the afternoon. It was
with pain I broke to Gran. Loch the death of his mother, which I had
read in the newspaper.

[Sidenote: May 8.]

Dined with Bonham. Nice quiet dinner in cool situation on the hill.

[Sidenote: May 10.]

_Serpent_ arrived, having sailed from England three weeks before us.
Prepared a tiffin for my old friend of _Magicienne_ days, Bonham.

[Sidenote: May 11.]

Refitted. Sky sail and masts up. Got under way. Met _Thalia_ coming,
she having sailed five weeks before us.

[Sidenote: May 12.]

Sailing up the Chinese Sea. Poor Chinese! They require a little conceit
taken out of them, and, as it must be, I have no objection to lend a
hand.

The snakes in these seas are black, and porpoises white or
flesh-colour; everything different from other parts of the world.

[Sidenote: May 14.]

Boarded a barque from Hong Kong. Expedition to proceed north on arrival
of troops, now not far from us.

[Sidenote: May 30.]

Arrived at Hong Kong. Visited senior officer, Sir Thomas Herbert.

[Illustration: _Hong Kong._]

[Sidenote: May 31.]

Visited the Plenipotentiary, Sir Henry Pottinger, General Sir Hugh
Gough, and the Resident. _Thalia_ and _Harlequin_ arrived.

[Sidenote: June 1.]

Rose early and walked over a great part of the island with Major Cain,
Head Magistrate; sharp work for first walk--about fifteen miles.

[Sidenote: June 2.]

_Belleisle_, with General Lord Saltoun and 98th Regiment arrived; was
glad to meet my friends with whom I had been so much at the Cape. Dined
with Brigadier Burville on board _Moira_.

Among those whose acquaintance I made and served with afterwards on the
staff of the Plenipotentiary was Harry Parkes. Included in the staff
was a clever German missionary, by name Gütslarfe. He was obliging to
every one. Sailors are prone to give nicknames, and our friend rejoiced
in that of “Happy Bowels.”

[Sidenote: June 3.]

Took Rice and Armytage with me in Company’s steamer _Hooghly_ to Macao.
Found there nephew Henry Coke, with Mr. Kerr, merchant, at whose house
I dined and slept. Rode after dinner across the barrier.

[Sidenote: June 4.]

Returned to Hong Kong. My old friend and shipmate, Grey Skipwith, was
now on board the _Cornwallis_, and from him I received a note, advising
me to lose no time in joining the flag.

I had to take charge of convoy transports, with the _Serpent_ for
whipper-in. There was a nice breeze through the Formosa Channel.

[Sidenote: June 7.]

To keep company with my fleet I had to lower topsails on to the cap.

[Sidenote: June 9.]

Copy of a proclamation issued by Mandarin Linn:

“Reward for the taking alive a commanding officer and the chief
commander of a great ship of war is $5000--also for the murder of a
Barbarian officer; one-third of the above for arresting him.”

[Sidenote: June 12.]

Expecting to make the flag of the Commander-in-Chief, I came up with a
convoy at anchor, under Frederick Grey in _Endymion_, who caused me to
anchor and join company; so spoilt my little game of joining flag in
time for Chusan.

[Sidenote: June 14.]

Arrived with both convoys off Chusan. _Endymion_ having no orders to
proceed, anchored outside. Had the painful satisfaction of hearing
heavy cannonading in which I could take no part.

[Illustration: Dido _at Chusan_.]

6 P.M.--Saluted flag, but found I was just in time to be too late to
share in the capture of Woosung.

In future movements the General paid me the compliment of preferring my
six-oared gig to one of the transport boats.

[Sidenote: Woosung, June, 17.]

Landed a party to assist in destruction of forts and Government
buildings. Dined with Admiral Sir William Parker.

[Sidenote: June 18.]

Waterloo Day. General Sir Hugh Gough landed in my gig, when I witnessed
the horrors of war. Mutilated carcases of men and horses by hundreds.

Houses burning, villages deserted, etc. Struck by the prevalent feeling
so strong for destruction.

Sir Hugh Gough, attended by a small staff and orderlies of his
favourite regiment, the 18th Royal Irish--I mounted on his
pony--directed an orderly to ascertain whether a Chinaman separated
from others was dead or alive. The corporal turned the body over with
his bayonet in it, answering, “Did, your Honour,” which he certainly
was _then_.

[Sidenote: June 19.]

Flag hoisted on board _Medusa_. Ordered by Admiral to accompany him in
the gig, and to land forces to attack forts at Shanghai, which were
easily carried. Brass guns embarked, iron ones spiked, trunnions
knocked off. Town taken possession of. All this on the Sabbath!

[Sidenote: June 20.]

Further expedition up the river with steamers. No opposition for sixty
miles. Country thickly populated, and natives astonished rather.

[Sidenote: June 23.]

Troops at Woosung were re-embarked. Preparing for further advance up
the Yang-tse-Kiang.




CHAPTER XXV

_DIDO_--CHINA


[Sidenote: 1842. July 6.]

The force collected at Woosung to proceed up the Yang-tse-Kiang
consisted of seventy-three sail, men-of-war and transport, three
of them being line-of-battle ships. The whole, anchored in single
line--with room to swing, required space. It was a beautiful sight. On
a signal from Flag for fleet to weigh, in a few minutes you would see
a white cloud, three miles in extent, moving up the river. While the
seamen went aloft to loose sails, troops manned sheets and halyards.
Wind heading, the reverse took place, and a forest of masts succeeded
the white cloud.

The half-dozen small steamers were constantly on the move surveying.
The smaller craft were detached in various directions to collect cattle
and other food for the use of the fleet.

[Sidenote: July 12.]

Weighed with my division at 4 A.M. with a fair wind, the whole fleet
making considerable progress. The land getting hilly, and assuming a
much more interesting appearance.

Started in gig for the flagship. Slashing tide: missed _Cornwallis_,
and got on board _Belleisle_. Took every opportunity of seeing my old
friends of 98th, with its new Colonel, Colin Campbell. Regiments on
the Indian station were allowed a double set of officers, so I had many
fresh friends to make. Surveying steamers sent ahead reported being
fired upon from Golden Island.

It would take a thick volume to describe all the incidents that
occurred during the progress of the force up the river. It was slow,
and communication was kept up by signals and boats. The fleet brought
up off Chiang Kiang-Fu on the 19th, and disembarkation commenced.

Gran. Loch managed to ford the ditch, some 50 feet wide, close to the
West Gate, which was afterwards blown in by bags of powder attached.

The ends of works form a hexagon shape.

Inside, where John Chinaman had felt himself so secure with his walls
and ditch, I saw them the next morning in small heaps, dead, with
blackened faces, and cards in their hands. I could not make out whether
the game was whist or baccarat.

On going through the town, there were piles of dead Chinese soldiers
at the corners of the streets. While contemplating one of these heaps,
a body sprang up and performed a somersault: it was a Chinese soldier
whose fuse had reached his magazine. It takes three of them to serve
a musket. One carries a crutch, another loads, a third takes aim and
fires.

The place was full of food, which no one knew better where to find than
the thieves. When boats landed from men-of-war to pick up wounded, the
Chinamen were made to deposit their loads of loot in the boats.

Nanking was next to be reached, and _Dido_ was sent in advance to
prevent communication with the north side of the river. Our ships were
now swarming with rats, and crews getting unhealthy.

In spite of the fall of the great city of Chiang Kiang-Fu, the chiefs
were determined not to stop until they had invested Nanking.

[Sidenote: July 27.]

Started with Hall in _Nemesis_ on a foraging expedition. The best
plan was to catch a fat Chinaman, generally the chief of a village.
The people always pleaded poverty as an excuse. Having dropped on to
a chief such as I have described, I gave him until 4 P.M. to supply
twenty-five bullocks or have his tail cut off, which had the desired
effect.

_Dido’s_ boats were now away at night searching junks lying up creeks,
to see they did not contain soldiers. Coming across a lot which
appeared likely to be used for the conveyance of troops and stores,
tried to examine one. Seeing a rope over the side, I climbed up near
to the entrance-port, when the rope was let go from inside, and I fell
across the gunwale of my boat.

I was placed at the bottom, suffering great pain, and taken back to
the _Dido_, three miles off. When alongside, believing my back to be
broken, requested to be allowed to die where I was. A cot, however, was
lowered, into which I was lifted carefully, and so hoisted on board.
The gunroom skylight was removed and the cot laid on the mess-table.

The surgeons, Donoghoe and Simpson, on close examination, found nothing
but one small spot on a joint of the backbone, and under the influence
of an opiate I was conveyed to my cabin.

[Sidenote: July 29.]

Mandarins came from Nanking with flags of truce and “chops” for Admiral
and Plenipotentiary. Our chiefs had, however, decided not to hold their
hands until they had a footing in Nanking.

[Sidenote: July 30.]

Ordered to proceed, the Admiral placing the smaller vessels under my
command; among them my old friend _Childers_--but, oh! so altered.

[Sidenote: August 3.]

Fleet coming up. Admiral was towed into a berth off Nanking.
_Cornwallis_ the first ship that had reached that famous city.

[Sidenote: August 4.]

Fleet closing up. Visited Plenipotentiary, also General Sir Hugh Gough;
and _Belleisle_, with Colonel Colin Campbell and 98th Regiment.

[Sidenote: August 5.]

Fleet still closing. _Dido_ again ordered ahead to stop communication
from north side. Having a heavy sick-list, took possession of two roomy
junks, in one of which I embarked clothes, mess-traps, etc.

[Sidenote: August 8.]

Off Nanking. Found artificers from ships cutting down huge trees to
get a clearer view of the walls of the city. Looting was strictly
forbidden. On board _Cornwallis_ was Sir Hugh Gough, when Trowbridge,
of the _Clio_, came alongside.

The General, observing boxes in the boat, asked: “Captain Trowbridge,
is that loot?” Trowbridge replied he thought it was, as he had just
bought it from a soldier! Bits of chaff were not taken notice of. Dined
with Admiral.

[Sidenote: August 9.]

Trowbridge, Loch, and Skipwith dined with me on board junk.

[Sidenote: Aug. 11.]

Landed with Admiral at daylight to search the most practicable place
for storming with boats. There will be some bloody noses on Saturday.

In spite of looting being forbidden, we met the boat’s crew of a
transport carrying heavy cases. The Admiral wore a costume suitable to
the climate--a white jacket and straw hat. On Sir William asking, “What
have you got there?” the reply was, “Sugar. And, if you look sharp,”
said the gentleman in charge, “you may get some too; there _is_ some
brown left.” In reply he got, “You will take those cases on board the
_Cornwallis_, and say the Admiral sent you.” They obeyed, the Admiral’s
coxswain attending.

Next day I landed early with Sir Hugh Gough, the Admiral, and
Plenipotentiary, to survey walls in another direction.

[Sidenote: Aug. 13.]

No fight Pidgin yet. Great appearance of peace being concluded.
Kellett, of surveying vessel _Starling_, to breakfast. Shifted junk
higher up the river; James Fitzjames and Skipwith to dinner.

[Sidenote: Aug. 14.]

Every appearance of peace being made. Proper day to make it on--quite a
day of rest. _Tête-à-tête_ dinner with Armytage.

[Sidenote: Aug. 15.]

Too much rain. Visited Admiral, peacefully inclined.

[Sidenote: Aug. 16.]

Up early and looted some plank from villages up the river, about two
miles in extent, built entirely on rafts, which were probably built for
the conveyance of soldiers.

[Sidenote: Aug. 17]

Bullock junk up from _Dido_. Bad accounts of the sick. Young Robinson
dead. Forty-eight on sick-list. Poor fellows!

Captain Bouchier, Grey, and self examined and passed Hickley; smart
young fellow.

[Sidenote: Aug. 19.]

Dined with Admiral, who kindly invited me to remain to meet the
Mandarins who were to come the following day. Sent for my cot.

[Sidenote: Aug. 20.]

A large assemblage of chiefs. Contrast between Mandarins and our
chiefs. Was thanked by General and Admiral for the effectual way in
which, some miles ahead of the fleet, reinforcements for Nanking
garrison had been prevented crossing the river from the north side.

[Sidenote: Yang-tse-Kiang.]

While in the river was laid up for some days with a sharp attack of
malarial fever.

[Sidenote: Aug. 29.]

Peace proclaimed.

[Sidenote: Aug. 31.]

Ratification of the treaty approved by the Emperor himself. Glad of the
chance of getting out of this river; the water is low and beginning to
smell.

[Sidenote: Sept. 3.]

Lieutenant Horton from _Endymion_ joined, having exchanged with Eden.

[Sidenote: Sept. 6.]

Sent invalids for survey, to fleet in junk. In a heavy squall hospital
junk parted cables, and is now well in the rushes.

[Sidenote: Sept. 7.]

No return of fever. _Medusa_, steamer, coming down with invalids to go
home by _Calliope_.

[Sidenote: Sept. 8.]

Sick-list heavy; but few men fit for duty. Like new First Lieutenant
much. _Harlequin_ coming up. My poor steward very ill; ditto cook.
Rice in a cot in my cabin; much better to-day though. Went on board
_Cornwallis_; put up with Admiral. Rain all day. Did plenty of ship’s
business.

[Sidenote: Sept. 12.]

Up early, and went to breakfast with my old friend and chum, Watson.
_Dido_ has eighty on sick-list, but improving.

[Sidenote: Sept. 14.]

_Childers_ arrived to relieve us. Received on board invalids for
_Calliope_. Got under way, and anchored near _Endymion_.

[Sidenote: Sept. 15.]

In working down with a fresh breeze on port tack, an eddy tide caught
my _Dido_ on the weather bow, stronger than the effect of the lee helm,
and the figure-head was well in a pâdi-field before the backed sails
could have effect.

What was to be done? We had ninety-seven on the sick-list. Made signal
to _Endymion_, working down near the opposite shore. Of course, she was
“charged with despatches.” I was not sorry at the reply. When I get
into a scrape I like to get out of it without help. It reminds me of
the old couplet:

    When Dido found Æneas did not come,
    She wept in silence, and was Dido-dum.

We had nothing else to do after sails were furled but to lay out stream
and kedge anchors, seize two of the largest junks, chuck what they
might have overboard, and commence lightening. With my sickly crew it
was heavy work.

The weather was fine, but it was not until the following afternoon, and
the last gun out, that the cables laid out began to slacken.

The same evening we were dropping quietly down with the current,
looking beautiful as ever, and I much pleased with my new First
Lieutenant.

[Sidenote: Woosung, Sept. 24.]

Our stick in pâdi-fields did not improve my health nor the Master’s
nerves. We drifted quietly down in company with _Belleisle_ into
Woosung Roads. Tides ran strong and irregular; influenced by winds and
heavy rains.

98th Regiment still sickly. We found _North Star_, 28, with her stout
and good-tempered captain, Sir Everard Home. I was more pleased still
to find my young friend, Henry Seymour, in command of one of Symonds’
beautiful brigs, the _Wanderer_, 16.

We had not met since he left me in the _Childers_, Mediterranean. His
larder better furnished, and, far from well myself, I was glad to have
a quiet and early dinner with him. A storm brewing, got away early, and
none too soon. Home dined with the hospitable 98th.

It was blowing and raining, with a slashing ebb-tide, when at 9 P.M.
there were loud calls ahead for a rope. Home had missed his _North
Star_, and would have drifted past us to, nobody knows where.

But my “Didos” were equal to the occasion. _North Star’s_ long painter
was secured to us, but the bowman could not haul the boat up to the
gangway.

When Home rushed forward to assist, his extra weight caused the boat
to dip and capsize. Our men were on the alert; no lives were lost, but
the Captain would not allow himself to be hauled on board until he was
assured that every man of his crew was safe.

We got him down to my cabin, and rigged him out in seaman’s blue
flannel frock and trousers, and a stiffish glass of grog before he laid
himself on a sofa to rest. He begged to be called at slack-water, that
he might return on board his own ship.

I gave directions accordingly.

Mr. D’Aeth, of an old Kentish family, was officer of the watch, and at
midnight came down to tell Sir Everard it was slack-water, but raining
hard.

It was some time before the gallant captain could be awoke, and longer
still before he could understand where he was. I was awake, laughing at
the conversation.

At last Sir Everard called out, “Where am I? Who are you? What’s your
name?”

He got an answer:

“My name is D’Aeth. It is twelve o’clock--slack-water. You are on board
_Dido_, in the Captain’s cabin.”

Home then roared out:

“Captain Keppel, they are playing tricks. A man comes dripping, as if
from the sea, with a lanthorn in his hand, saying his name is Death.”

It was some minutes before I could persuade my friend that it was
blowing and pouring with rain, and that he had better go to sleep
again.




CHAPTER XXVI

_DIDO_--CHINA


[Sidenote: 1842. Sept. 25.]

Read Lieutenant Horton’s commission to ship’s company. Harangued and
forgave all culprits.

[Sidenote: Sept. 26.]

Surveyed invalids on board _North Star_. Some bad cases, poor fellows!

[Sidenote: Sept. 27.]

Got under weigh; _Belleisle_ first. Fine breeze. Came to; invited Sir
E. Home, Henry Seymour, Freemantle, Horton, and Rice to dine.

[Sidenote: Sept. 28.]

Weighed at six, and passed _Belleisle_ hard and fast on the bar, at the
top, nearly, of high-water.

[Sidenote: Sept. 29.]

Arrived at Chapoo. Found Nias with his _Herald_. Not being well, he
came on board, and did me no good.

[Sidenote: Oct. 6.]

_Pelican_ arrived, bringing orders for _Dido_ to go to Chusan. Troops
to evacuate citadel.

[Sidenote: Oct. 8.]

Walked round the fortifications and over the town of Shanghai; natives
civil.

[Sidenote: Oct. 10.]

Chinamen mustering courage on the strength of peace. Hundreds of large
picturesque junks coming down the river. Chinese soldiers smart in
taking possession of citadel as our troops marched out.

[Sidenote: Chusan, Oct. 12.]

Weighed at daylight, reaching Chusan in four hours. Walk on shore with
Rundle Burges Watson, of _Modeste_, 18. Watson was a clever artist;
he came on board to breakfast, and left afterwards to take a sketch
of my _Dido_. We had been at the Naval College together. Having been
in the early part of the war, he had succeeded Captain Harry Eyres in
command of the _Modeste_.

Before storming one of the forts, Watson tried the experiment of
putting his uniform cap on the point of his sword and thrusting it
through the embrasure, at which the Chinese muskets exploded and he
took possession. I have his drawing of the _Dido_ now.[5]

[5] Page 267.

[Sidenote: Oct. 12.]

Dined with Frederick Grey. Had an attack of fever and ague.

[Sidenote: Oct. 16.]

Heard last evening of the death of my brother-in-law, Lord Leicester,
fifty-five years my senior. Admiral arrived, and _Columbine_, 16,
another of Symonds’ handsome brigs. Nias sick and growling as usual.

[Sidenote: Oct. 18.]

Plenipo arrived. Visited him. Rode into the city.

[Sidenote: Oct. 25.]

To breakfast with Frederick Grey. He, Skipwith, Henry Seymour, Hall,
and Molesworth, dined with me.

[Sidenote: Oct. 27.]

Improved weather. Sick-list reduced to twenty-five. Nice little dinner
with Bouchier; like him.

[Sidenote: Oct. 28.]

Dined with Admiral Sir William Parker. Our Master, Aylen, appointed to
_Endymion_. He sorry to leave, and we to lose him.

Heard that Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane had been at Hong Kong since
June 19. Took an early trip with Plenipotentiary (Sir Henry Pottinger)
and young Harry Parkes, on board _Queen_ steamer, breaking the monotony
of daily routine.

[Sidenote: Oct. 31.]

With Grey and Hope, _Phlegethon_ in company, across shoal; the shortest
way to the sacred island of Potoo. Some pretty sites for joss-houses
and Chinese graves. Returned to Plenipo’s steamer _Queen_ for
dinner--large party.

[Sidenote: Nov. 1.]

Returned to _Dido_ in _Phlegethon_.

[Sidenote: Nov. 2.]

_Herald_ sailed for England. Heavy job getting captured guns on board
_Forth_ transport. Brass guns good as money.

[Sidenote: Nov. 3.]

Early ride with Admiral and two Generals, with staff, etc., over a
beautiful part of Potoo Island. Good breakfast in a joss-house. Dined
with Bouchier.

[Sidenote: Nov. 4.]

Dined with the Admiral, who talked of sending me Senior Officer to the
Straits. Like the idea much. Several fatal cases of cholera on shore
and afloat.

[Sidenote: Nov. 5.]

Our sick-list under twenty. Walk in city with Grey Skipwith; had him
and other old “Childers” to dine--Rice, Coaker, and Comber.

[Sidenote: Ning Po, Nov. 8.]

On board _Phlegethon_ steamer to join Admiral and party to Ning Po.
_Blonde_ sailed for England. Got to Ning Po in five hours--one of
the largest and finest towns I have seen in China. Dined on board
steamer, slept in a joss-house. The party consisted of Fred. Grey, Sir
Hugh Gough, and some military officers from Chusan. The shops were
exceedingly pretty.

[Sidenote: Nov. 10.]

Much pleased with Ning Po and my trip. Saw more of China and the
Chinese than in any other place. Took an early ride with the Admiral,
C. Hope, F. Grey, Henry Seymour, and Skipwith. Bringing up the rear of
the party, I saw many nasty-looking snakes rise suddenly from under our
horses’ feet and dash into the bushes on either side.

[Sidenote: Nov. 15.]

Preparing to convoy transports. Grand dinner with the Admiral,
Generals, and Plenipotentiary.

[Sidenote: Nov. 17.]

Prior to our departure with transport, _Dido_ had an early visit from
Admiral, who was much pleased with the ship, as I think he ought to
have been.

[Sidenote: Hong Kong, Nov. 23.]

9.30 A.M.--Came to in Hong Kong. Saluted flag of Rear-Admiral Sir
Thomas Cochrane, flag flying on board _Agincourt_. Found _Endymion_
and transports. Hong Kong now a British possession. Counted upwards of
seventy ships in the anchorage.

[Sidenote: Nov. 26.]

Dinner with Lord Saltoun--best fellow, if not the best soldier, in the
expedition; good dinner.

[Sidenote: Nov. 28.]

Invited Grey to dine with me, but did so with him instead on board
_Endymion_; he had been inspected a good deal by Sir Thomas Cochrane
without seeming to enjoy it.

[Sidenote: Nov. 29.]

I dined with the Rear-Admiral and four Generals--dinner good--footmen
in plush breeches. Grey and I got leave to go to Macao.

[Sidenote: Dec. 1.]

Dundas taking care of Grey; I to my old quarters with Dent. Pleasant
to be in a comfortable English-furnished house after six months in the
Yang-tse-Kiang. Noticed a live Bird of Paradise in a cage eating large
grasshoppers, breaking off their long prickly legs first.

[Sidenote: Macao, Dec. 2.]

Visited the tomb of my late much-respected Chief, Lord John Churchill,
who died here June 3, 1840, while in command of _Druid_, during the
early part of the war with China.

[Sidenote: Dec. 4.]

After breakfast at Dent’s, Grey in a hurry returned to Hong Kong,
arriving there by sunset.

[Sidenote: Dec. 5.]

Visited Rear-Admiral; reported _Dido_ ready for sea. Dined again on
board _Belleisle_ with old 98th friends.

[Sidenote: Dec. 6.]

Sir Thomas Cochrane inspected _Dido_; manned yards, mustered. He
inspected every part of her--at quarters, firing at a mark, doing good
practice; he ordered us under way, making all sail, on and off the
wind, etc. Came to, re-manned yards, inspection over. Dined with Sir
Thomas; great spread.

[Sidenote: Dec. 7.]

Weighed at daylight, with several 98th good fellows on board; ran over
to Macao. Saluted Governor with 17 guns. Good dinner at Dent’s.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Left my _Dido_ for her to return to Hong Kong with officers of 98th. In
_Proserpine_ steamer with Sir Hugh Gough for Canton. Heard of riots and
burning of factories; orders for _Dido_ to come up; arrived off Canton
late at night.

[Sidenote: Dec. 9.]

Landed early; found British factories burned down; dead Lascars lying
about; encampment of Chinese soldiers round remaining residences;
populace in a state of excitement. Put up at Mr. Beale’s; loaded
firearms and prepared for defence.

[Sidenote: Dec. 10.]

Continued excitement. Visited Chinese encampment; pretty and curious.

[Sidenote: Dec. 11.]

Attended American Presbyterian Divine service, performed by Dr. Parker.
He prayed; we listened. Service not like ours. Obliged to detain
steamer by way of protection.

[Sidenote: Dec. 12.]

Returned to Hong Kong.

[Sidenote: Dec. 20.]

Weighed with _Endymion_ in charge of convoy of transports. _Wolverine_
and East India Company’s steamer _Queen_ in company. _Endymion_ leading
convoy. We remained to see the last two transports out, which took us
until after sunset.

[Sidenote: Dec. 24.]

When outside saw nothing of _Endymion_ or fleet. Nice breeze. My
transports, fast sailers, took inner and shorter passage. _Dido_ under
three topsails and jib.

[Sidenote: Dec. 26.]

Think we are ahead of the fleet.

[Sidenote: Dec. 30.]

At 4 A.M., with my part of convoys, came to in Singapore Roads.

[Sidenote: Dec. 31.]

_Endymion_ arrived with convoy, not well pleased at finding _Dido_ in
first.




CHAPTER XXVII

_DIDO_--STRAITS OF MALACCA


[Sidenote: 1843. Jan. 5.]

Continued with _Endymion_ the convoy of transports through the Straits.
That strange kind of vibration through the ship which we experienced
last year, not far from this, was felt again to-day, caused, we think,
by some powerful fish attaching itself. Our convoy consisted of
nineteen sail.

_Endymion_ proceeded to Penang, leaving me in charge. On Grey
reappearing I signalled convoy to proceed with _Endymion_.

[Sidenote: Jan. 14.]

The following day we arrived at Penang, and were saluted by the
Company’s fort. Returned the same. Commenced duties as Senior Officer
of the Straits Settlements. Glad to be where I had previously so
enjoyed myself. Was invited to take up my quarters at Government
House with the Resident, Mr. Samuel Garling, who invited the heads of
departments to meet me at dinner.

I had on board a small brass band of six performers, who were rapidly
improving. They could play string or other instruments, which meant
dancing.

[Sidenote: Jan. 15.]

Went on board to muster and read Church service. How pleasant for a
while the peace and quiet of a room on shore to oneself! From the
windows I see my _Dido_, sitting like a duck on the water, looking
beautiful.

My kind host proposed a visit to Province Wellesley. He had at his
disposal two of the Company’s small steamers, _Diana_ and _Auckland_,
with less draught of water than _Dido_, which had to anchor further
off-shore.

[Sidenote: Jan. 16.]

Our object was to visit an enterprising Frenchman, who had penetrated
miles into a dense jungle and opened up a sugar plantation.

[Sidenote: Jan. 17.]

We landed from the _Diana_ at the mouth of a small creek, up which
we had to paddle some eight miles. On landing an elephant awaited
us, fitted with a double howdah; there were no end of coolies. We
were received by Monsieur et Madame Donnadieu. Although I had been at
Calcutta, this was my first mount on an elephant.

From the landing-place, with the exception of the twelve-foot-wide
road, was a jungle, where the relations of the Bengal tiger might be
concealed within a foot of where we were. We found our host’s bungalow
prettily situated on rising ground, cleared all round for a quarter
of a mile of the dense jungle, and protected by a substantial iron
fence. The inside of the building was a perfect bijou; you could
fancy yourself within hail of Paris. Our dinner, too, was perfection,
including a Malay curry. We were charmed with our hostess. I regretted
my deficiency in French, although Madame Donnadieu tried to make me
believe she understood what I said, and we were getting on, when a
guest asked her to sing.

[Sidenote: Jan. 18.]

Following morning, on being consulted, I voted for a mount on the
elephant, whose stable was the open jungle, a heavy log chained to one
of his forefeet.

A call brought him home. The howdah was filled--sorry to say without
our fair hostess, who had domestic arrangements to supervise. It was
not until deep in the jungle that I could form an idea of the sagacity
of our mount. He was partly guided by the mahout, but when we came to
a thick part of the jungle, where branches could interfere with the
howdah, the elephant would stop and break off everything that could
interfere with his passengers.

We had to cross deep nullahs; if there was the trunk of a tree in the
way, he would feel with the upper side of his trunk, and so ascertain
what it would bear, and act accordingly. I observed, too, when we
neared a tuft of long grass, he would, without stopping, draw it up
with his trunk and hold on until within reach of the stump of a tree,
then knock the earth off the roots, and so enjoy his meal without
slacking his pace.

We were several times close to wild beasts that startled us with their
discordant roars, but we could not see them, so did not discharge our
guns. The mahout pronounced them rhinoceros and tigers. Parrots and
monkeys chattered through the upper branches of the trees. Pea-fowl
preferred running. We took our tiffin with us.

[Sidenote: Jan. 25.]

After a rest we took leave of our kind hosts.

[Sidenote: Jan. 26.]

Weighed from Province Wellesley, and in the evening came to between
Nicobar Islands. The natives were much frightened. A chief, however,
came off in the early morning and got drunk, which encouraged his
people, who commenced to trade in birds’ nests, tortoiseshell, cocoa-
and betel-nuts.

Having seen enough, we sailed for next island, Nancowry, which has a
harbour and some pigeons, affording sport.

[Sidenote: Jan. 27.]

My cabin carpenter, Wilson, who was landed to cut some large hollow
bamboo, fancied he saw a tiger--extraordinary stretch of imagination.
He was a good little man, but I got no bamboo!

[Sidenote: Feb. 3.]

Arrived at Penang. Landed at Captain’s house just after midnight. Took
Tottenham under my care, he looking invalidy.

[Sidenote: Feb. 6.]

Up at daylight with Granville and Tottenham to the hill. Visited Mrs.
Lewis. Delightful change of scenery and climate. Continued my taste
for ornithology and conchology. Small birds, when we were quiet, were
knocked over by pellets from a blow-pipe.

To dinner with officers of 24th Madras Native Infantry. Received with
usual kindness of the Far East. Had to make a small speech. Home early.

[Sidenote: Feb. 8.]

Another visit to the hill to Sir William Norris. At daylight Tottenham,
Partridge, Maidman, and I went up. A long scramble through jungle. Good
“Penang Lawyers” scarce.

[Sidenote: Feb. 9.]

Knocked down by Lady Norris’s pony at Waterfall, and nearly suspended
over the perpendicular edge of the hill.

[Sidenote: Feb. 24.]

Passed the night on the top of a tree to watch for tiger and deer. Fell
asleep and saw nothing! No mosquitoes, though! Tried the jungle on
opposite side of the river, convicts beating; drew it blank. Started
for Penang. All night in pinnace.

[Sidenote: Feb. 26.]

Weighed.

[Sidenote: Singapore, Mar. 3.]

Sunset, anchored in Singapore Roads.

[Illustration: _Map of Malacca Straits and Singapore._]

Sir Stamford Raffles landed here on January 29, 1819. Near the present
esplanade he hoisted the Union Jack next day, and concluded a
preliminary arrangement with the Sultan of Johore and the Tumongong of
Singapore; and on February 5, 1819, a definite treaty was signed by
Raffles and the two chiefs named, by which, in return for an annual
payment of 5000 dollars to the former, and 3000 dollars to the latter,
those princes ceded the settlement of Singapore to the English, and
pledged themselves to grant “no treaty” or settlement to any other
power, European or American.

[Sidenote: Mar. 5.]

On board to muster. Read prayers. _Vixen_ arrived, not two months from
England.

[Sidenote: Mar. 6.]

I had now been some days making myself acquainted with the persons
chiefly concerned in this most interesting colony. The greatest
admitted drawback was the want of protection to trade from piracy. I
felt there was a grand field open, if I could only feel sure that I
should be allowed to remain long enough. There was a large community of
interested merchants, as well as Government officials, but we were not
without powerful natives in our midst, whose kindly feeling for piracy
was well known.

Dined with the military detachment. Hospitable, kind, and good fellows.

Saw a splendid comet with a very long tail, looking too near to be
pleasant.

[Sidenote: Mar. 7.]

A most atrocious case of piracy committed within sight of the anchorage
by two Malay boats on a Cochin China junk.

Preparing boats for a cruise. Splendid comet again; Chinamen frightened.

[Sidenote: Mar. 8.]

Got under way. Left my steward, Ashford, to take care of sick. Joined
gunroom mess. Comet again visible until nine; tail very luminous,
extending 30 degrees.

[Sidenote: Mar. 11.]

1 P.M.--Came to off Pulo Sabu. Took possession of fifteen piratical
boats, but was unable to catch any of the crew on account of the
density of the jungle.

8 P.M.--boats returned.

[Sidenote: Mar. 13.]

Landed an armed party to assist boats’ crews in finding remainder of
the pirates, the two captured having bolted into the jungle at Pulo
Tinghi. No find, though. Weighed in the evening and stood to the
southward under easy sail.

[Sidenote: Mar. 14.]

Anchored at Singapore. In the absence, and by permission, of
Bonham--now Governor of the Straits Settlements--took possession of the
Hill, a charming residence with flagstaff and native guard established.
I noticed that the signalmen--smart fellows from Bengal--were branded
on the forehead with the interesting little word “Murder,” also with
a Hindustanee word of same meaning. As senior naval officer, had
much more to do than picnics and tiger-hunting. Had, too, the use of
Bonham’s stables, with a good deal of fat to take down.

[Sidenote: Mar. 15.]

Exchanged visits with heads of departments; one of the most important
was the Resident Councillor, Mr. Thomas Church. But no visits were
considered valid until you had exchanged dinners. An attorney of note
was Mr. William Napier; he had a brother, the Rector of Holkham, which
brought us together. A charming old salt was Captain William Scott.
The mercantile community was much as I had met all over India--most
hospitable and agreeable. Shaw, Whitehead, and Co. were the Navy
agents. Soon found that my most important duty was the suppression
of piracy. Scarcely a day passed without the landing of wounded for
hospital treatment.

[Sidenote: Mar. 17.]

Dined with Napier, where I met for the first time Mr., afterwards
Rajah, Brooke. I was initiated into the mysteries, depths, and horrors
of pirates in the ways of the Malay Peninsula, by these two men who had
studied the question.

[Illustration: _Rajah Brooke._]

[Sidenote: Mar. 18.]

A royal tiger that had devoured several convicts had been viewed on the
outskirts of the town. I joined expedition in search, as did many older
and experienced men, but without success.

Recorder Sir William Norris arrived from Penang. Heard of death of the
famous China General, “Elepo.” “S’pose he catchee too muchee shame
face.”

[Sidenote: Mar. 20.]

Another Chinaman killed by tiger close to the spot we had been over
half an hour previously.

[Sidenote: Mar. 23.]

Rumours of another China war, which rather upsets proposed joint
arrangement with Rajah Brooke of an attack on pirates in their
strongholds in the interior of Borneo.

Sale of Bonham’s effects on the Mount, which looks like a better
appointment. Got two old paintings.

[Sidenote: Mar. 24.]

Preparing boats for a regatta got up by W. H. Read, an enterprising
young merchant (who subsequently left his mark in Singapore). Entered
ship’s boats, pinnace winning 45 dollars under name of _Victoria_.
Committee on board _Dido_. I was voted umpire. Band increased and
improved. Regatta afforded great amusement. Tiffin on board _Diana_
steamer. “Didos” invited. Dined with Napier.

[Sidenote: Mar. 27.]

Up early for another unsuccessful attempt to shoot tiger; heard the
brute unpleasantly near, without seeing him.

Visited Elliot at the Observatory, also Balastier, United States
Consul, and wife; she has a nice collection of shells; made some
exchanges.

[Sidenote: April 2.]

Fresh acts of piracy and murder. Sent _Diana_, steamer, _Diamond_,
gunboat, and _Dido’s_ pinnace to cruise.

[Sidenote: April 3.]

[Sidenote: April 5.]

Up early to wild-hog party at Alligator Island: the civil and military
residents giving an excellent picnic to the “Didos,” commencing by a
breakfast on board the steamer _Victoria_, while sportsmen proceeded to
Alligator Island, noted for its wild-boar. We had convicts as beaters.
Brooke and Read were of the cheery party, which lasted until the
following morning. I bagged two boars.

[Sidenote: April 6.]

It was now time to arrange for more serious business: that of the
suppression of piracy, which had long been the curse of all legitimate
trade and was secretly encouraged by wealthy natives in our midst.

After discussion with Brooke, we agreed the only way to strike at the
root of the evil would be to destroy the piratical strongholds in the
interior of Borneo, and not to wait until the fleets of light draught
of water were formed. Some of the war prahus were propelled by as many
as 200 paddles, in addition to light lateen sails. Their hulls were
composed of timbers fastened together by _rôtans_, and the whole
caulked with the fibre of the cocoanut. The pirates could, if pressed,
run into shoal water, cut their boats adrift, and disappear in the, to
us, impregnable jungle.

[Sidenote: April 13.]

_Britomart_, brig, 10, Commander Owen Stanley, arrived, with directions
to sell his surveying vessel. I was too glad to have my friend of many
years to stay with me at Government House, and so avail myself of his
fertile brains.

Rajah Brooke, “Billy” Napier, Montgomery, and Stevenson to dine.

_Anonymous_ clipper from Bombay, bringing owner’s letters only. Beast!

[Sidenote: April 15.]

Took Major Sinclair to show him the inside of my _Dido_.

[Sidenote: April 17.]

Cricket-match between Singaporeans and “Didos.” Lieutenant Stephen
Colby, of 98th, to dine, he having sold out.

[Sidenote: April 20.]

Band on shore of an evening, they having improved and much in demand.

[Sidenote: April 24.]

_Apollo_, with Grey Skipwith on board, also _Belleisle_, arrived with
letters from China.

[Sidenote: April 26.]

Had a cheery child’s party on the hill, Mrs. Whitehead kindly managing
for me.

A kind letter from my father.

[Sidenote: April 27.]

Grey Skipwith staying with me again, but only for a short time, as
_Apollo_ sailed for home.

_Belleisle_ on shore, as usual; luckily on a rising tide.




CHAPTER XXVIII

_DIDO_--BORNEO


[Sidenote: 1843. May 1.]

Embarked Rajah Brooke. Napier and W. H. Read on board to see him off.
My _Dido_ now well manned. The crew require exercise, and will get it!

Good drill at general quarters.

[Sidenote: May 3.]

Hoisted pinnace out, which had been coppered at the expense of my
zealous First.

[Sidenote: May 4.]

Came to under Camel Island. To think that for thousands of miles these
seas should be infested by pirates! The sea as smooth as Spithead, with
anchorages to be found in from 4 to 10 fathoms, the kedge affording
sufficient holding.

Passed through the Tambilans, a beautiful group of about 150 small
islands, thinly inhabited. They are so close together that after
passing the first two or three we were to all appearance land-locked in
a capacious harbour.

[Illustration: _Map--Eastern Archipelago; Map of Coast--Borneo._]

[Sidenote: May 5.]

Anchored off the Dutch end of the Island of Borneo, in the hope of
surprising free-traders.

[Sidenote: May 6.]

The following morning we anchored off the mouth of the Sambas, and sent
boats away to examine the creeks, islands, and rivers for traces of
pirates, which were discovered by the remains of their cooking-fires,
although no clue found as to where they had gone.

[Sidenote: May 8.]

Sent the pinnace and two cutters, with Partridge, D’Aeth, and
Jenkins, and a week’s provisions, in charge of Lieutenant Wilmot
Horton. The advice of Rajah Brooke, who not only knew the appearance of
vessels used by pirates, but spoke the Malay language, was thankfully
accepted.

They were directed to proceed to the Island of Murrundum, and, after
visiting the South Natunas, to rejoin _Dido_ at Sarawak. In the
meantime _Dido_ proceeded along the coast, anchoring when convenient,
and finding regular soundings from 4 to 10 fathoms.

[Sidenote: May 9.]

On the morning of the 9th, on rounding Tanjong Datu, we opened suddenly
on a suspicious-looking prahu, which, on making us out, ran for a deep
bay, formed by Cape Datu and the next point to the eastward.

Standing a little further on, we saw her consort in the offing,
likewise standing in-shore, and a third entered at the bottom of the
bay.

From descriptions we had received, they were Illanuns, of whose daring
adventures much had been written. They inhabit a cluster of islands on
the north-east coast of Borneo, and go out in large fleets, chiefly to
intercept traders bound to Singapore or the Straits. Their victims are
bound for months, and crowded in the bottom of the prahus, where they
suffer miseries worse than could be inflicted in an African slaver.

Having driven these worthies into a corner, and knowing that the only
two small boats we had left would stand no chance with them, we loaded
the guns, but, having no proper chart, proceeded with caution, feeling
our way with the lead. When just within musket range we let go the
anchor, which was no sooner done than the pirates made a move. We
thought they were coming to sue for terms, but nothing was further
from their intention. One pulled away close in-shore to the eastward,
the others in the opposite direction. They were rowed by about forty
paddles each. What rendered it ridiculous, owing to a strong tide, no
gun could be brought to bear. By the time a warp was laid they were out
of sight.

The dinghy and jolly-boat gave chase, but the pirates had the start as
well as speed, and although before rounding the point a few men were
seen to drop their paddles from our fire, their pace never slackened.

We could not help admiring their plucky plan of escape. To attempt to
catch the boats that had pulled to windward was useless, but we lost no
time in slipping our cable and making sail in chase. We had not wind
enough, and lost sight of her at dusk off the mouth of a river.

We returned next morning to pick up our anchor. It was a place well
adapted as a rendezvous for pirates. The bay we found studded with
rocks, and to my horror I found that Her Majesty’s _Dido_ had anchored
between two that were awash at low-water.

A mountain stream of delicious water runs into the bay between two
rocks, and the coast abounds with oysters.

We anchored off Tanjong Poe, outside the bar at the entrance of the
river leading to Rajah Brooke’s residence and seat of Government at
Sarawak.

At half-tide on the following morning we crossed the bar, carrying
no less than 3½ fathoms water, and entered the beautiful river of
Morataba, up which we ran for twelve miles under sail.

_Dido_ was the first square-rigged vessel that had ever entered these
waters. We came to off the junction river which unites the principal
entrance to Sarawak.

It is here that the capital ought to have been built, and would have
been but for the curse of piracy and its sequel, slavery.

In the evening our boats with the Rajah joined us, having come up by
western entrance.

After leaving us on the 8th, they proceeded to the Island of Murrundum,
a famous rendezvous, where they came on a fleet of the Illanun tribe,
who did not give them an opportunity of closing, but, cutting their
sampans adrift, made a precipitate flight; opening fire as they ran out
on the opposite side of a small bay in which they had been refitting.
This of course led to an exciting chase, a running fire kept up on both
sides; but the range was too great, and the prahus, in addition to
sailing well, were each propelled by from forty to fifty long paddles,
and made their escape.

As they went in the direction of the Natunas, Horton took that course,
and anchored under the south end in 3 fathoms water; but next morning,
owing to the fall of tide, the pinnace had grounded. The Rajah and
Horton proceeded in one of the cutters to reconnoitre. As they neared
the south-west point, they were met by six prahus, beating tomtoms
as they advanced, making demonstrations of fight. Horton judiciously
turned to rejoin the other boats, and the pinnace having floated, he
formed his little squadron in line abreast, and prepared to meet his
antagonist.

Brooke, however, discovered that the fleet advancing were not Illanuns
and fancied there must be some mistake. The Natunas people had been
trading at Sarawak, and he was well acquainted with a powerful chief
who resided on one of the Natuna group; he therefore raised a white
handkerchief on his spy-glass, and from the bow of the pinnace waved,
hailed, and gesticulated to warn them of their danger, but a discharge
of small arms was the only reply. They then detached their smaller
boats in-shore to cut off our retreat, and the rest advanced, beating
tomtoms, and blazing away with all the confidence of victory. It was
an anxious moment for _Dido’s_ small party; the only heavy gun of the
pinnace was loaded with grape and canister, and kept pointed on the
largest prahu. The men waited with their muskets for the order to fire.
It was not until within pistol range that Horton poured into the enemy
his well-prepared dose.

This brought them up; yet a few had the temerity to exchange shots for
a couple of minutes. The largest prahu now called for quarter, while
the other five made for the shore chased by the two cutters.

The prize proved to be a prahu mounting three brass guns, with a crew
of thirty-six men, belonging to the Rajah of Rhio, which had been
despatched by that chief to collect tribute about the Natuna group.
They had ten men killed and eleven wounded (four of them mortally).
They affected the greatest astonishment on discovering that our boats
belonged to a British man-of-war, and stated that the island had lately
been plundered by the Illanuns, for whom they had taken us; that the
rising sun was in their eyes. Horton, thinking there might be some
foundation for their story, let the surgeon, Simpson, and his assistant
dress their wounds, and after admonishing them to be more careful in
future, restored their boats, as well as the others which belonged to
the islands. These in the meantime had been taken possession of by the
cutters after they had reached the shore, and landed their killed and
wounded, who were borne away so smartly by the natives that our men had
no time to ascertain the number.

Three of the prahus belonged to the same fleet of Illanuns that escaped
the _Dido_ off Cape Datu. It afforded some amusement to find among the
slightly wounded our Rajah’s wealthy and respectable friend, who was
not a little ashamed at being recognised.

Among the mortally wounded lay the young commander of the prahu, one
of the finest forms of the human race, with a countenance to match. He
was shot through the lungs, but made attempts to speak. His conquerors
raised him gently into a sitting posture of comparative ease, but the
end speedily came. He expired where I daresay his proudest and happiest
moments had been passed.

We afterwards ascertained that the pirates believed that our boats were
coming from a wreck on the south-east coast of the island, and were
full of choice loot. Piracy is so inherent in a Malay that few can
resist the temptation when an opportunity offers.

[Sidenote: Sarawak, May 17.]

On Rajah Brooke’s landing, astonished the natives by firing a salute
from heavier guns than they, as yet, had ever heard.

During the morning large boats, some carrying as many as 200 people,
had been coming down the river to hail Brooke’s return; and one of
the greatest gratifications I had was in witnessing the undisguised
delight, mingled with gratitude and respect, with which each headman
welcomed their newly-elected ruler back to his adopted country.

Although many of the Malay chiefs had every reason to expect that in
the _Dido_ they saw the means by which their misdeeds were to be
punished, they showed their confidence in Mr. Brooke by bringing their
children with them--a sign peculiar to the Malay.

The scene was both novel and exciting to us (just anchored in a large
fresh-water river, and surrounded by a densely-wooded jungle); the
whole surface of the water was covered with canoes and boats, dressed
out with various-coloured silken flags, filled with natives beating
their tomtoms, and playing on wild and not unpleasant-sounding wind
instruments, varied by the occasional discharge of firearms.

To them it must have been equally striking and extraordinary (as few of
them had ever seen any larger vessel than their own war-boats, or even
a European, until Brooke’s arrival), to witness the _Dido_ anchored
almost in the centre of their town, her mastheads towering above the
trees of their jungle; to hear the loud report of her 32-pounder guns,
and watch the running aloft to furl sails of 150 seamen, in their white
dresses, the band playing, all which helped to make an impression that
will not easily be forgotten.

The next business was my visit of ceremony to Rajah Muda Hassim, which
was sport, though conducted in the most imposing manner.

The band, and the marines as a guard, having landed, we (the officers)
assembled at Brooke’s house, where, having made ourselves as formidable
as we could with swords and cocked hats, we marched in procession to
the Royal residence.

His Highness sent one of his brothers to receive us, who led me by the
hand into the Royal presence. The palace was a long low shed, built on
piles, to which we ascended by a ladder. The audience-chamber was hung
with red and yellow silk curtains, and round the back and one side of
the platform occupied by the Rajah were ranged his Ministers, warriors,
and men-at-arms, bearing swords, spears, shields, and other warlike
weapons. Opposite to them were drawn up our Royal Marines, the contrast
between the two bodyguards being amusing.

Muda Hassim was a wretched-looking little man. Still, there was a
courteous and gentle manner about him that prepossessed us in his
favour, and made us feel that we were before a Chief who had been
accustomed to command.

We took our places in a semicircle, on seats provided for the occasion,
smoked cigars and drank tea. His Highness chewed his sirih-leaf and
betel-nut, seated with one leg crossed under him, and playing with his
toes.

Very little is ever said during these audiences; so we sat staring at
one another for half an hour, with mutual astonishment. After the usual
compliments of wishing our friendship might last as long as the moon,
and my having offered him the _Dido_, and everything else that did not
belong to me, in exchange for his house, we took our leave.

[Sidenote: May 19.]

This was the day fixed for Muda Hassim’s visit to the _Dido_, about
which he appeared anxious, as he had seldom been known to go beyond his
own threshold.

For this ceremony all the boats, guns, tomtoms, flags, and population
were put in requisition; and the procession to the ship was a gorgeous
and amusing spectacle. We received him on board with a royal salute. He
brought in his train a whole tribe of natural brothers. His guards and
followers were strange enough, and far too numerous for the _Dido’s_
deck; but whether the most important personages of the realm were kept
out we did not ascertain. One fellow succeeded in obtaining a footing
with a large yellow silk canopy, a corner of which having run into the
eye of one of the midshipmen, the bearer missed his footing, and down
came the whole concern--as I was informed, by _accident_!

The party assembled in my cabin, and the remarks were few; nor did they
manifest great astonishment at anything. In fact, a Malay never allows
himself to be surprised. I believe, however, His Highness did not think
much of my veracity when I informed him that this was not the largest
ship belonging to Her Britannic Majesty, and that she had several
mounting upwards of 100 guns. He admitted that he had seen a grander
sight than any of his ancestors.

There was much distress depicted on the Royal countenance during his
visit, which I afterwards ascertained was owing to his having been
informed that he must not spit in my cabin.

On leaving the ship, whether the cherry-brandy he had taken made him
forget his directions I do not know, but he squirted a mouthful of red
betel-nut juice over the white deck, and then had the temerity to hold
out his hand to the First Lieutenant!

This farce over, I had now some time to refit my _Dido_ in one of the
prettiest spots on earth, and as unlike a dockyard as anything could be.

[Sidenote: May.]

Brooke’s residence, although equally rude in structure with the abodes
of the natives, was not without its English comforts of sofas, chairs,
bedsteads, and baths. It was larger than any other, but, like them,
being built upon piles, we had to mount a ladder to get into it.

It was situated on the same side of the river (the left bank), next to,
but rather in the rear of, Muda Hassim’s palace, with a clear space of
about 150 yards between the back and the edge of the jungle.

Palisades and a ditch, surrounding the building, formed a protection
to sheep, goats, occasionally bullocks, pigeons, cats, poultry, geese,
monkeys, dogs and ducks, and snakes.

The house consisted of but one floor. A large room in the centre,
neatly ornamented with every description of firearms, in admirable
order, served as an audience and mess-room.

The various apartments round it served as bedrooms, most of them
comfortably furnished with matted floors, easy-chairs, pictures, and
books, with much more taste and attention to comfort than bachelors
usually display.

The Europeans with Mr. Brooke consisted of Mr. Bloomfield Douglas,
formerly in the Navy, a clever young surgeon, and a gentleman of the
name of Williamson, who, being master of the native language, as well
as active and intelligent, made an excellent Prime Minister.

Besides these were two others who came out in Brooke’s yacht--one an
old man-of-war’s man, who kept the arms in first-rate condition, and
another worthy character called Charlie, who looked after the accounts
and had charge of everything. These were attended by servants of
different nations.

The cooking establishment was perfect, and the utmost harmony
prevailed. The great feeding-time was at sunset, when Brooke took his
seat at the head of the table, and all the establishment, as in days of
yore, seated themselves according to their respective grades.

[Illustration: Dido _at Sarawak_.]

This hospitable board was open to all the officers of the _Dido_, and
many a jovial evening we spent there.

Before we left Singapore Mr. Whitehead had kindly offered his yacht,
the _Emily_, a schooner of 50 tons, with a native crew, to bring
our letters to Borneo, on the arrival of the mail from England.
After our short experience, I thought it advisable to send a boat
to cruise in the neighbourhood of Cape Datu; _Dido’s_ largest boat
being under repair, Brooke lent one he had built at Sarawak, called
the _Jolly Bachelor_. Having fitted her with a brass 6-pounder and a
volunteer crew of a mate, two mids, six marines and twelve seamen,
and fortnight’s provisions, the Second Lieutenant, Hunt, was well
pleased at getting the command. His orders were to cruise, keep a good
look-out for the _Emily_ yacht, and escort her into Sarawak, but he
was on no account to land; Douglas volunteered his services in case an
interpreter should be required.

It appears that the day after they sailed they chased three sail in the
distance, without nearing them; they appeared a second and third time
after dusk with same result. It now being late, the crew fatigued and
hungry, Hunt pulled in-shore, lighted a fire, cooked their provisions,
and then hauled her out to her grapnel near some rocks for the night.
They laid down to rest with their arms by their sides, ready loaded.
The marines’ muskets were stopped up and down the mainmast. The boat
had a small forecastle as well as an extended decked stern over the
rudder-head, which held the commander. Having appointed look-out men, I
suppose owing to the fatigues of the day, they one and all fell asleep.

About 3 A.M., the moon rising, Hunt, happening to awake, observed a
savage brandishing a kris and performing his war-dance on the bit of
deck forward in an ecstasy of delight, thinking, in all probability,
of the ease in which he had got possession of a fine trading-boat, and
calculating the value of white slaves he would have to dispose of;
little dreaming of the hornets’ nest into which he had fallen. Jim
Hunt’s round fat face meeting the light of the rising moon, without
a turban surmounting it, was the first notice the pirate had of his
mistake.

He immediately plunged overboard, and before Hunt had sufficiently
recovered his astonishment to know whether he was dreaming or not, or
to arouse the crew, a discharge from three or four cannon within a few
yards, and the cutting through the rigging of various missiles with
which the guns were loaded, convinced him of his disobedience of orders.

It was as well the men were still lying down, as not one was hurt, but
on jumping up they found themselves closely pressed by two large war
prahus--one on each bow. To return the fire, cut the cable, man the
oars, and back astern to gain room, was the work of a minute. But now
came the tug-of-war. It was a case of life or death.

Our men fought as British sailors ought; quarter was not expected
on either side, and the quick and deadly aim of the Royal Marines
prevented the pirates from re-loading.

The Illanun prahus are built with strong bulwarks or barricades,
grapeshot-proof, across the fore part of their boats, through which
ports are cut; these bulwarks had to be cut away by round shot from
the _Jolly Bachelor’s_ brass 6-pounder before the musketry could bear
effectually. This done, our grape and canister told with fearful
execution. In the meantime, the pirates had been pressing forward to
board while _Jolly Bachelor_ backed astern. As soon as this service was
performed, the few men so employed dropped their oars and resumed their
muskets. The work was sharp and short, but the slaughter great.

While one pirate prahu was sinking, and an effort made to secure her,
the other effected an escape by getting round the point of rocks where
a third and larger prahu, hitherto unseen, came to her assistance and
took her in tow.

Although subsequently chased by the _Jolly Bachelor_, they escaped.
While setting fire to the captured prahu, which had some 3 feet of
blood and water in her, a slave swam off who had escaped during the
fight, and informed our men that the three prahus were the same the
_Dido_ had seen off Cape Datu; they had, including slaves, from fifty
to sixty men each on board.

[Sidenote: May 21.]

The day fixed for my receiving an important letter from Rajah Muda
Hassim. Officers and self assembled with much ceremony at Brooke’s
hall of audience, where I found assembled all the chiefs and a crowd
of natives, many of whom had already been informed that the said
letter was a requisition for me to assist in putting down the hordes
of pirates who had so long infested the coast. I believe many of those
present, especially the Borneans, to have been casually concerned,
if not deeply implicated, in some of their transactions. After I had
taken my seat with Brooke, at the head of the table, the Rajah’s
sword-bearers entered, clearing the way for the huge yellow canopy,
under the shade of which, on a large brass tray, and carefully sewn up
in a yellow silk bag, was the letter, from which it was removed and
placed in my hands by the Pangeran Budrudeen (the Rajah’s brother).
I opened the bag with my knife, and handing it to an interpreter, he
read it aloud in the Malayan tongue. It was variously received by the
audience, many of whose countenances were far from prepossessing.

Following is a copy of the letter, to which was attached the Rajah’s
seal:--

    This friendly Epistle, having its source in a pure mind,
    comes from Rajah Muda Hassim, next in succession to the Royal
    Throne of the Kingdom of Borneo, and who holds his Court at
    the trading city of Sarawak, to our friend Henry Keppel, head
    Captain of the war-frigate of Her Britannic Majesty, renowned
    throughout all countries, who is valiant and discreet, and
    endowed with a mild and gentle nature.

    This is to inform our friend that there are certain great
    pirates of the people of Sarebas and Sakarran in our
    neighbourhood seizing goods and murdering people on the high
    seas. They have more than three hundred war prahus, and extend
    their ravages even to Bangermussim. They are not subject to
    the Government of Bruni (Borneo). They take much plunder from
    vessels trading between Singapore and the good people of our
    country. It would be a great service if our friend would adopt
    measures to put an end to these piratical outrages. We can
    present nothing better to our friend than a kris, such as it is.

    _20th day of Rabiul Akhir, 1257._

To which I sent the following reply:--

    Captain Keppel begs to acknowledge the receipt of the Rajah
    Muda Hassim’s letter, representing that the Dyaks of Sarebas
    and Sakarran are the pirates who invest the coast of Borneo and
    do material damage to the trade of Singapore. Captain Keppel
    will take speedy measures to suppress these and all other
    pirates, and feels confident that Her Britannic Majesty will be
    glad to learn that the Rajah Muda Hassim is ready to co-operate
    in so laudable an undertaking.

Not being prepared for the Oriental fashion of exchanging presents,
I had nothing to offer, but I found afterwards that Mr. Brooke had
(unknown to me) sent a clock in my name.

The Royal kris was handsome--handle of carved ivory, with a good deal
of gold about it. My son has it.

This letter of the Rajah’s gave me a good excuse of putting in motion
the small preparations I, with Brooke’s assistance and advice, had
been quietly making. We determined on attacking the pirates in their
strongholds, commencing with the Sarebas. Brooke (the Tuan Besar),
going to join personally in a war against such opponents who had never
been conquered, although repeatedly attacked by the united forces of
the surrounding Rajahs, was strongly opposed by the Datus. But Brooke
having informed them that he should go, the reply was, “If you die, we
die; what is the use of our remaining?”

Brooke and I attended in my six-oared gig, which had been covered in
like a native boat with _kadjang_, the mast and oars landed. The crew,
which was increased by two, propelled her by paddles facing forward;
each paddle was stopped by a lanyard to the brass rowlock. Each man was
provided with a carbine. I had with the pennant in the bow the master
of the band with his bugle, who could sound my whereabouts. Horton
ascended the Sarebas River with ten boats, the lighter ones fitted much
the same as my gig.

[Sidenote: May 24.]

The capital and stronghold of the pirates was some seventy miles up,
where they had gone to receive us; and with our large following of
natives with stores and provisions, there was no hurry. Wherever we
landed we appeared to be welcome. We brought up for the night off a
creek which led to a Chinese settlement. The chief of the Kongsee
came off to do homage to “Datu Brooke.” A different tribe of Dyaks
inhabit the Sarebas Mountain, gorgeous in feathers and scarlet. We did
not expect a road, but a number of these natives kindly shouldered
our small bags and provisions. I, for one, was not prepared for the
dance led us by our wild-cat-like guides, through thick jungle, and
alternately over rocky hills and the thick marshes we had to cross.
If we attempted to stop, many a fall and flounder in the mud was the
consequence. The ascent of the hill, although steep, was strikingly
beautiful. Our resting-places few; but when we did reach one, the cool,
fresh breeze, and the increasing extent and variety of scene, embracing
as it did river, mountain, wood, and sea, amply repaid the exertion
of the climb. On either hand we were sure of a cool rivulet tumbling
over the rocks. While going up, our care and attention was requisite to
secure our safety; for it is not only one continued climb up ladders,
but _such_ ladders!--made of the single trunk of a tree in its rough
and rounded state, with notches, not cut with the reasonable distance
of the ratlines of our rigging, but requiring the knee to be brought
level with the chin before the feet are sufficiently parted to reach
from one step to another; and that when the muscles of the thigh begin
to ache, and the wind is pumped out of the body. We mounted in this
manner some 500 feet. We were received in one of the circular halls
of these Dyaks, hung round with hundreds of human heads, most of them
dried with the skin and hair on. To give them, if possible, a more
ghastly appearance, small shells (the cowry) are inserted where the
eyes once were. Tufts of dry grass protruded from the ears.

But my eyes soon got accustomed to the sight, and by the time our
meal was ready we did not mind dining in the scullery. Of course the
natives crowded round us; with these people it was as with the more
civilised--curiosity was strongest in the gentler sex.

[Sidenote: May 25.]

Having returned to our boats, moved up another branch of the river,
and, with the chance of some deer-shooting, landed under a group
of shady trees. The distance we had to walk to our game our guides
considered nothing: some five miles through jungle.

Just before sunset we came to a jungle which opened on a swamp of long
rank grass. Leeches abounded, getting up one’s legs and down one’s
socks. They caused no pain when they caught on, but on taking off our
shoes we frequently found them saturated with blood.

The guide having made signs for me to advance, after some trouble,
watching the direction of his finger, I observed the heads of two deer
just above the grass about 60 yards distant. From the manner the doe
was moving about her long ears, it had, to my view, all the appearance
of a rabbit.

Shooting for the pot, I selected her. As I fired, two of my boat’s crew
dashed into the grass, and within a moment were up to their chins in
mud and water. We had some difficulty in dragging them out.

Our Malay guide reached the deer from the opposite side, taking care
to utter the prayer and cut the throat with the head in the direction
of the Prophet’s tomb. The doe was struck just below the ear, and my
native companions appeared astonished at the distance and deadly effect
with which my smooth-bore Westley-Richards had conveyed the ball.




CHAPTER XXIX

_DIDO_--BORNEO


[Sidenote: 1843. June 6.]

We now began to prepare for work of another sort. After our small
flotilla had started, the _Dido_ took a berth about two miles inside
the entrance of the Sarebas River, off Pulo Burong, by way of securing
our retreat.

We had daily accounts of the formidable resistance the pirates intended
to make. By the 8th our preparations were complete. The neighbouring
Seriffs sent assurances of their good intentions to the Rajah.

Seriff Jaffer, who lived with an industrious but warlike race up
the Linga, a branch of the Batang Lupar River, had never been known
to commit an act of piracy, but had been frequently at war with the
Sarebas and Sekarrans, offered to join our expedition.

Seriff Sahib, lived up the Sadong River, adjoining the Sarebas
territory. Macota, a smooth-tongued villain, known among us as “The
Serpent,” sent Brooke and myself an invitation to partake of a feast
while on our way up the Sarebas.

This invite was accompanied by a present of two handsome spears and a
porcupine. He also offered to give up a woman and her children whom he
had, with the assistance of the Sekarrans, captured from the Sow Dyaks
on the Sarawak River.

Further to the eastward, and up the Batang Lupar, into which the
Sekarran runs, lived another powerful Seriff, by name Mulla, elder
brother of Sahib.

All these, through fear, sent submissive messages; but their turn was
yet to come. We proceeded towards the Sarebas capital.

[Sidenote: June 8.]

I have neither space nor time to give all the names nor describe the
force, and am afraid there are few now alive whose names it would be a
pleasure for me to record. Lieutenant Wilmot, who commanded the _Dido_
force, was in the pinnace. With him were W. H. Partridge, mate; W.
Simpson, assistant-surgeon; Hallowes, midshipman.

In first cutter: D’Aeth, midshipman; Bloomfield Douglas, as
interpreter; Mr. Collinson, boatswain. Second cutter: Mr. Elliott,
master, and Jenkins, midshipman.

In the _Jolly Bachelor_: Lieutenant Tottenham, and Comber, midshipman;
also Mr. Brooke’s medical attendant, Dr. Treacher, as well as an
amateur, Mr. Ruppell. Total force from _Dido_ was eighty, officers and
men.

The all-important “Datu Brooke” was with me in the gig. He was
also attended by a sampan and crew he had brought from Singapore.
Brooke’s coxswain, Seboo, we shall long remember. He was civil only
to his master, and, I believe, brave while in his company. Seboo was
stupid-looking, but a powerfully-built sort of savage. When going into
action he went on his knees, holding a loaded musket before him.

In the second gig was Lieutenant E. Gunnell, whose troublesome duty
it was to keep order. Stores were in a tope: the whole formed a novel
scene.

It was curious to contemplate the different feelings that actuated
Malays and Dyaks: many from attachment to Brooke, some for plunder, but
I think the majority to gratify revenge.

We did not get far the first day, as the tope was slow, and carried
that most essential part of all expeditions--the commissariat.

[Sidenote: June 9.]

We had got another thirty miles. I pulled from one end to the other of
Horton’s Mosquito Fleet with as much pride as Sir William Parker must
have felt when heading seventy-five British ships up the Yang-tse-Kiang
in the heart of the Chinese Empire.

I had left Brooke with the youngsters on board the _Jolly Bachelor_.
Late in the afternoon, when well in advance, I observed, hidden under
the bushes, a long canoe--no doubt a look-out; and I daresay my gig,
with its Kadjang coverings, was taken for one of themselves.

I fired at the fore-part of her. There was a rush into the jungle. On
examination we found the bullet had gone through both sides of an iron
kettle, and I expect astonished the cook.

During the day several deserted boats with arms in them were taken from
the banks and destroyed.

Before we brought up for the night we had to face the bore, a wall
of water, the approach of which might be seen near a mile off. It is
formed by the contraction of the river, and rises with the flood-tide
some 8 feet.

Anchors were let go, and by keeping a strain on the cables we partially
moved with it. The bore soon loses strength, giving anchors time to
bite. After it had passed we took up our berths in two lines up a reach
of the river. My gig was secured under the shade of a large tree, near
the inner line of boats.

[Sidenote: June 10.]

Late in the evening, when the song and joke had ceased and lights out,
the paddles of a canoe were heard and hailed by each of our boats in
succession, to which they replied, “We belong to your party.” And it
was not until we heard the yell of triumph given by six or eight voices
that we found how we had been imposed upon. The beating of gongs and
firing of guns went on all night. We weighed at daylight. Our rapid
advance with a strong tide must have been seen from the various hills
which now rose to our view. Brooke had rejoined me in the gig.

[Sidenote: June 11.]

We were somewhat ahead of the boats, tide sweeping us up; had we been
inclined to retreat, we should have found it difficult. A sharp turn
brought us into a straight and widened river, at the end of which was a
cleared hill surmounted by a battery of brass guns. Halfway between the
battery and ourselves, in 9 feet of water, was a freshly-made barrier,
formed of long poles driven in--4 feet apart--one in front of the
other. The ends above water were made to cross, so as to form a crutch,
on which trees were laid horizontally, firmly secured by _rôtans_. It
took our boats, assisted by the native followers, some minutes to cut
a couple of openings, Greenhill battery meanwhile playing on them.
D’Aeth, in the cutter, was the first to get through.

Just before what I have attempted to describe, we observed a small gap
in the barrier under some overhanging branches. Having a strong tide
with us, Brooke and I thought we could dash through. We hung for a
few seconds, when we were covered with leaves and small boughs. The
piratical gunner on the Greenhill battery, although the line was good,
had given too much elevation, and I believe the tide brought us up
earlier than they expected, as the pirates came swarming down, but too
late for their spears to reach before we had got out clear into the
open space, with D’Aeth, in the cutter, on same side with ourselves. He
was at once off to the Greenhill.

However smart these piratical gentry might be with their ordnance
afloat, D’Aeth and his blue-jackets and cutlasses were in possession
of their battery before they had time to reload. We had only three men
wounded while cutting through the barrier.

Our native auxiliaries were soon with us: the dreaded Sarebas
stronghold of two centuries no longer existed, and the baskets made to
hold “Datu Brooke’s” head and mine were not wanted, this time.

The pirates ran away as our men landed, and a few minutes after the
native allies had got to work the whole town was ablaze. After rest and
refreshment, Brooke proposed following up the fugitives, and started
with Horton in the pinnace, accompanied by some native followers.
I remained in the _Jolly Bachelor_ to see the amputation of poor
Batterson’s arm (one of my best men, captain of the forecastle).

It was now late, drizzly rain falling, when the booming of the
pinnace’s heavy gun showed that Horton had come in contact with the
pirates. This was responded to by one of those simultaneous war-yells,
apparently from every part of the country. I jumped into my gig, taking
my pet bugler, John Eager, who was placed in the bow. Our arms were in
readiness; we proceeded to join the combatants.

Tide had just turned against us, and as we advanced up the river,
trees hung over many parts, nearly meeting across. At the same time,
the occasional firing that was kept up assured me that the enemy were
on the alert, and with all the advantages of local knowledge, as well
as darkness, on their side. From the winding of the stream, too, the
yells appeared to come from every direction--sometimes ahead, sometimes
astern.

We had pulled, feeling our way for nearly two hours, when a sudden
quick discharge of musketry on my left intimated that we were
approaching the scene of action. At the same time we passed several
large war-boats hauled up on the bank. I felt convinced that our party
was surrounded, and that we should have to fight our way to each other.
Strongly impressed with this idea, I approached with caution. In the
distance I could dimly discern a crowd that I knew I must pass to get
to our people. I prepared the crew to do their best--pull for their
lives, and told John Eager to strike up “Rory O’More.” When abreast,
emptied both barrels into the thick of them.

Conceive my horror, fair reader, when I heard Horton’s voice, “Don’t
fire, sir; we are here.” My first exclamation was, “How could you allow
anything to approach without hailing?”

No one was killed. One bullet, after striking the bow of the pinnace,
hit the breastplate of a Royal Marine and knocked him into the water.
The other went through both cheeks of one of our native followers
without breaking a tooth.

Horton’s explanation was that they were keeping out of sight of a
superior force of pirates, who were near enough to throw spears among
them, and they believed themselves surrounded. I believe “Rory O’More”
had dispersed the enemy.

[Sidenote: June 12.]

Daylight brought a flag of truce. Brooke sent an unarmed Malay to meet
them; after a little palaver they came to our boats. The message was,
they were ready to abide by any terms we might dictate. I promised that
hostilities should cease for two hours, but that we could treat only
with the chiefs, whose persons should be protected, and invited them to
a conference at 1 P.M.

At the appointed hour the chiefs made their appearance, dressed in
their best, but looking haggard and dejected. Brooke, as “Tuan Besar,”
officiated as spokesman. He fully explained that our invasion of their
country was not for the purposes of pillage or gain to ourselves, but
as a punishment for their piracy. He reminded them that they had been
fully warned two years before that the British nation would no longer
allow the native trade between Singapore and the adjacent islands to be
cut off and plundered as it had been.

They were humble and submissive, and admitted their lives were
forfeited; said if we “ordered” them to die they were prepared.
Finally, they promised to refrain for ever from piracy, and offered
hostages for their good behaviour.

[Sidenote: June 13.]

On our return to the still smoking ruins of the town of Paddi, we
found that Seriff Jaffer, our ally, with his 800 warriors had not been
idle. It was a melancholy sight: thirteen bodies lying in a row. How
many wounded escaped we didn’t know. Collecting our forces, we dropped
leisurely down the river, but not without a parting yell of triumph
from our Dyak force--a yell that should have made the hearts of those
quail whose wives and children lay concealed in the heart of the
jungle, near where we had held the conference.

[Sidenote: June 14.]

We rejoined the commissariat tope and prepared for an attack on Pakoo.
With four days’ provisions we went up another branch of the river. An
hour before sunset we arrived at the foot of two newly built stockades,
but the people knew of the example at Paddi, and were in a state of
panic. They stood but one discharge and fled. Pakoo and the adjacent
country were destroyed. I saw here the operation of cooking and
preserving heads, and a very unpleasing one it was.

[Sidenote: June 15.]

At daylight the smaller boats proceeded up and met a flag of truce.
An offer was made by the chiefs to come to terms. But as they denied
having any connection with their neighbours, the Rembas pirates, we
returned to Boling, and made preparations for giving _them_ also a
lesson they would not forget.

[Sidenote: June 16.]

The tides not suiting to take us the whole way, and not having
sufficient moon to make a night attack, we brought up about sunset, a
quarter-tide below Rembas Forts. No end of monkeys about, but no time
to play with them.

[Sidenote: June 17.]

Proceeding at daylight, but met the most formidable barriers we had
yet encountered, and which detained us some time in cutting through.
However, when this was accomplished the resistance was small.

Looting of bullocks, goats, and poultry very great; likewise the
destruction of forts, houses, war-boats, grain, fruit-trees, etc. The
Rembas was by far the richest and finest country we had seen. The
lesson the chiefs received will not be forgotten. In the afternoon,
collecting our boats and prizes, and dismissing allies, we prepared
to return. Moving down with the ebb tide, we reached the tope at
midnight. Grub very low.

[Sidenote: June 18.]

Shifted into the tope to stretch my legs, hurrying the boats back to
the ships. The tope a dull brute though, with poor sick Dr. Simpson and
two badly wounded men. Anchored at the mouth of the river.

[Sidenote: June 19.]

Light winds and calm. Did not progress. Other boats ahead. Feel tired,
not having had clothes off, except to bathe, for a fortnight.

[Sidenote: June 20.]

What we make with the wind we lose with the tide. Still off the mouth
of the Sarebas.

[Sidenote: June 22.]

At daylight rigged jury-mast. Light breeze. Ship still twenty miles
off. Simpson worse. Took to my gig, getting on board in the evening.
Glad of it, too. Sent pinnace with provisions, and to fetch sick and
wounded. Received orders to return to China.

[Sidenote: June 23.]

Left the ship with Brooke on first of the flood-tide. Came up with our
valiant auxiliaries, who were waiting to accompany us to the capital.
Bade Muda Hassim farewell. Much saluting on all sides. Parting dinner
with Brooke.

[Sidenote: June 24.]

Left friend Brooke’s hospitable board at the early hour of 3 A.M., and
started first of the flood for the ship. Got on board at nine, and
weighed for Singapore.

[Sidenote: June 25.]

At sea. No spare time to look for pirates. Good cruising-ground,
though! Left our marks on some of them, poor devils! Did some good for
trade, and proportionate harm to pirates.

[Sidenote: June 27.]

Improving breeze. All good wine done. Time to get into Singapore again.

My stay in Sarawak was of short duration, because, before I had time
to carry out the arrangements made to put down this horrid piracy,
the _Dido_ was, owing to changes in the distribution of the fleet,
recalled to China. Not expecting to revisit Borneo during the period
the ship had to run before completing her usual time of commission,
it is gratifying to read the following in my friend Brooke’s journal,
alluding to that time:

[Illustration: _A River Scene._]

“I came myself in the _Dido_, and I may say that her appearance was
the consummation of my enterprise. The natives saw directly that
there was a force to protect and to punish, and most of the chiefs,
conscious of their evil ways, trembled. Muda Hassim was gratified, and
felt that this power would exalt his authority, both in Borneo and
along the coast, and he was not slow in magnifying the force of the
_Dido_. The state in which Captain Keppel and his officers visited the
Rajah all heightened the effect; the marines and the band excited the
admiration as well as the fears of the natives. I felt the Rajah’s
hand tremble at the first interview, and not all the well-known command
of countenance could conceal his emotion.”

Gentle reader, excuse my vanity if I continue a little further with my
friend’s journal, although it gets rather personal:

“I believe the first emotion was anything but pleasurable; but Captain
Keppel’s conciliatory and kind manner soon removed any feeling of fear,
and all along was of the greatest use to me in our subsequent doings.”




CHAPTER XXX

_Dido_--CHINA


[Sidenote: 1843. June 28.]

Afternoon, came to in Singapore Roads. Put up with friend Whitehead.
Glad again to catch Henry Seymour in _Harlequin_.

Sorry to hear of the death of my dear old Royal master, the Duke of
Sussex.

Examination of midshipmen. One rare stupid, but passed them all! Landed
poor Dr. Simpson at sick-quarters looking too ill.

[Sidenote: June 30.]

Weighed for China. Synge of 98th with me. Have to work up against
monsoon. A lovely squall carried us eleven knots, on a wind. At sunset
shifted topsails ready for the next. No wish for a typhoon though.

[Sidenote: July 12.]

1 A.M.--Anchored in Hong Kong. Breakfast with Commander-in-Chief.
Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane present.

The Plenipotentiary, Sir Henry Pottinger, was busy extracting indemnity
from Mandarins, who understood as much or as little as they liked.
Although war was over, it was necessary to retain possession of certain
points until the indemnity was paid. This caused many transports to
lie idle at Whampoa. Nor was there enough of the rupee coin to pay the
crews. Idleness, root of evil.

_Dido_ being a post command, it fell to my disagreeable lot to keep
order. I did not think much of the Consuls and Vice-Consuls, nor they
of me. The Plenipo and Admiral, not having much to do, were jealous.

If I have any fair readers, I would advise them to skip the following.
I hope shortly to take them to new ground.

[Sidenote: July 13.]

Cunynghame to breakfast. Lent me his pony that I might dine with 98th
at Chuck Chow. Whimper, senior, attentive and kind, as they all were,
proposed my health as senior honorary member.

[Sidenote: July 17.]

Signal for _Dido_, “Prepare for sea.” Sailed for Macao with Edwards and
Wade. One of the pirates who had murdered Dr. Kinlay caught.

[Sidenote: July 19.]

Pleasant dinner with Lord Saltoun. Met Colonel Colin Campbell, of 98th;
also Wade, same regiment, who became a wonderful Chinese scholar.

[Sidenote: July 22.]

_Agincourt_ (nicknamed _’Gincourt_) doing “small craft,” cruising about
the harbour. During the afternoon she got on shore, and _Dido_ was
signalled to go to her assistance.

[Sidenote: July 24.]

Got orders to take station at Whampoa, first communicating with
Plenipo. Consul stupid. Asked him to dinner. He came, although too ill
to wait on me before.

[Sidenote: Whampoa, July 27.]

_Dido_ causing sensation among handsome and fast opium clippers. Amoy,
name of an old Chinese woman keeping a tanker-boat here, has $40,000,
made by smuggling opium.

[Sidenote: Aug. 1.]

$188,000 taken on board on Government account.

[Sidenote: Aug. 3.]

Another instalment of half-million dollars. Settled cases of mutiny on
board merchant ships.

[Sidenote: Aug. 6.]

Heard last evening death of our valued friend and shipmate, Dr.
Simpson, at Singapore.

Our Chinese beef-contractor, being anxious that I should visit his
curiosity-shop, on my stating that I had no money, exclaimed, “Hai yah!
Wot can do? S’pose got no money, how can make handsome face? How get
command fine ship, all same _Dido_.”

For company I had a French corvette, _L’Alcmène_, 26, Captaine Le Comte
Fourinier. We were good friends; generally breakfasted together. One
morning his approach was announced rather later than usual, but in full
uniform. I had to listen to a complaint.

During his morning’s pull he happened to pass through Blenheim
Reach, and to his astonishment (_and_ mine) he found six British
men-of-war--three of them ships of the line. He stated that by treaty
we were limited to a certain number, and seemed to think he had been
hardly used by my not having let him know this fact before.

I took him by the arm and conducted him down to breakfast; then
informed him that what he had seen were merely our “tea-chests.” But,
he exclaimed, that happening to be there at eight o’clock, he had seen
them cross topgallant yards, hoist colours, while the bands played “God
save the Queen.”

I told him that three of them might _once_ have been ships of the line.
They were now our tea-chests, and came from Calcutta during northerly
monsoon with cotton, and perhaps a bit of opium, and went back by the
southerly monsoon with tea, and perhaps a few curios.

We had great fun, and he enjoyed the gay parties in Blenheim Reach as
much as we did.

[Sidenote: Sept. 1.]

Young Partridge came to dine, many of the name down in Norfolk this
day. I wish I could get my good bird promoted.

[Sidenote: Sept. 4.]

Among the cheery parties, few better than that given by Captain Baker
on board the _Earl of Balcarres_. Did not get home before the usual
“daylight.”

[Sidenote: Sept. 7.]

Mr. Consul Hamilton arrived from Canton to take up his quarters. _Chez
moi!_ No spare room. He found _Dido_ too hot. Billeted him on board the
_Lowjee Family_.

[Sidenote: Sept. 16.]

Regatta of country ships’ boats. Bad finish. Tiller broke in a mate’s
hands; he fell backwards overboard, and was drowned before any one
could get near. Hundreds of spectators. In the midst of life we are in
death.

[Sidenote: Sept. 24.]

F. Horton, who had been invalided, took his parting dinner with me.
Sorry indeed to lose him. With use of launch and pinnace was enabled
to make visits to Canton, Macao, and Hong Kong, to say nothing of the
cheery Blenheim Reach.

I was anxious for a change, having been doing magistrate at Whampoa
over two months.

[Sidenote: Sept. 26.]

Made visit in launch to Plenipo and friends at Hong Kong; next day to
Macao. While riding one of Gray’s best horses near the boundary lines,
was charged by a buffalo cow, causing a cut nearly a foot in length,
and drawing blood on near flank.

[Sidenote: Sept. 30.]

On returning, anchored to save tide off the Chinese fort. Was run down
by a light merchant brig; she carried away our foremast, giving me a
violent blow on left heel.

[Sidenote: Oct. 3.]

Admiral arrived in _Spitfire_. With him to Canton. Old round of
curio-shops. Heel very painful. Blue at the fore hoisted on board
_Dido_.

[Sidenote: Oct. 5.]

Visited the place where our troops landed and captured Canton before
_Dido_ arrived on the station. Large dinner at Livingstone’s.

[Sidenote: Oct. 7.]

_Dido_ resigned flag to _Spiteful_.

Tied by leg, or, more properly, by the heel.

[Sidenote: Oct. 11.]

Gray and Hogg to dinner; also new Master, Allen.

[Sidenote: Oct. 21.]

Tiffined with Doctor Marjoribanks. He informed me that a Mandarin in
Canton was seriously ill, and he had been sent for. He told me if I
would care to dress in plain clothes, and come as his assistant, I
should see many things forbidden to “Foreign Devils.”

Curiously enough, a hundred years ago, my grand-uncle, Admiral Lord
Keppel, then a Mid, wrote in his Log-Book:--

    “Fryday, _14th October, 1743_.--Commodore Anson, Captain
    Saumarez, and myself, put off from the _Centurion_ in ye barge
    for Canton.”

Before his visit in the _Centurion_, no foreigner was known to have
entered the Celestial City, and for a century its gates were closed to
foreigners.

[Sidenote: Oct. 24.]

Was about to dine with McKeans, when a fire broke out in Canton. Went
to the top of Livingstone’s house, and found the sight too grand to
leave; had dinner sent up there. Rice birds in perfection. Sent for
_Dido_.

Passed night in the American _hong_,[6] which soon became too hot. Our
marines protected property, which became easier after a Lascar had been
shot.

[6] Business House.

[Sidenote: Oct. 26.]

All business was stopped for a few days. Dent’s _hong_ took a
flower-boat to live in. I gave them a corporal’s guard of seven marines.

[Sidenote: Oct. 28.]

Ordered to Hong Kong. With Jardine and Miss Hogg to Whampoa in a dollar
boat.

[Sidenote: Nov. 11.]

[Sidenote: Nov. 15.]

Hong Kong continuing sickly; two or three funerals daily. The
breaking-up of fresh building ground, I believe, the cause. The
Plenipo’s nephew, Major Pottinger, supposed to be dying.

[Sidenote: Nov. 16.]

Signalled at dinner-time to go to Macao.

[Sidenote: Nov. 17.]

Anchored early. Saluted French Commodore Roy in _L’Erigone_, 46.
Friends Lindsay and Co. took me in.

[Sidenote: Dec. 1.]

Returned to Hong Kong. Quite cold; fires pleasant. Am to accompany
Admiral to Manila.

[Sidenote: Dec. 4.]

Weighed from Macao and joined both Admirals off the Ladrones. Beat them
sailing, to my satisfaction. At noon Rear-Admiral got permission to
part company.

[Sidenote: Dec. 6.]

Blowing fresh. Both sails and ropes much worn. Dockyard stores short.

[Sidenote: Dec. 8.]

Weather finer. Admiral signalled for me to dine at 3 P.M. Same time
sent me to examine strange sail, sixteen miles to leeward. She proved
to be the _Duchess of Gordon_, from Macao, bound to Manila. Rejoined
Admiral during the night.

[Sidenote: Dec. 9.]

Signal to dine with Admiral at 4 P.M. No stranger in sight! After
dinner directed to proceed to Manila.

[Sidenote: Dec. 11.]

Daylight, anchored off Manila. Put up with Richardson.

Called on Governor, with letter from Commander-in-Chief, and officials,
and returned at night to be ready to receive Admiral. Much taken with
the wonderful vegetation stretching from shore as far as the eye can
reach.

Admiral, accompanied by Lord Saltoun, Cunynghame, and Hope Grant,
landed at noon, under a salute of 21 guns. What an opportunity for
me to see the capital of the Philippines! They were received by the
Teniente del Rey and el Mayor de la Plaza, and escorted by cavalry,
guards of soldiers to any extent, also a military band, showing the
cordial feeling which existed between us.

The city is divided into two parts by a river, and fortified on all
sides. “Orang” is the term used by all peoples of the great Eastern
Archipelago, prefixed to the different races. The residents of the
Spanish Settlements called themselves after the high-sounding name of
Orang Castillia. Malays use the term “Orang Puteh” (white man) for the
English only.

Nothing could exceed the courtesy and kindness with which the Spanish
authorities, as well as the English and other merchants, treated us.

[Sidenote: Dec. 14.]

Visited the Government tobacco factory, and saw 3000 or more native
women manufacturing cheroots. We then went to the _pina_ manufactory,
a beautifully fine but expensive fabric, made from pine-apple fibre,
silky and delicately dyed. We saw the _pina_ dress ordered by the great
Parsee, Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, to be sent home to the Queen. It cost
$3000, and it took thirty or forty women to weave and prepare the fibre.

[Sidenote: Dec. 16.]

Attended the theatre; all native performers. With the small Spanish I
picked up on the south coast of Spain, I really enjoyed the play.

[Sidenote: Dec. 17.]

Started, with the Admiral, Saltoun, and suite, after dinner on an
interesting expedition to a place called Guadeloupe, in a well-fitted
canoe.

Passing through fertile pâdi-land, we were received by the
Adjutant-General in great state on our arriving at Pasig. The priests,
hearing of our approach from Don Crispon, who accompanied us, also
welcomed us by sending in children nicely dressed, bearing wreaths of
flowers and carrying small flags, who danced and sang in procession
till we reached the Casa del Cura, where more salutes were fired. We
were entertained here by the jolly friars of San Augustine.

[Sidenote: Dec. 19.]

Passing through beautiful scenery, ascending rapids, and saw wonderful
cascades at Baya Baya. Returned to Cavite Fort.

[Sidenote: Dec. 20.]

Embarked, attended by a band of music, with Admiral and General, to see
the hot springs at Los Baños. This was a stream of hot water, which was
falling into the lake at the rate of several hundred gallons a minute,
highly charged with sulphur. The surrounding country is volcanic; near
this lake is the crater of an extinct volcano, but the water which
filled it was putrid and full of crocodiles.

Here the _cura_ (village priest) entertained our party, his band
playing us in. Indeed, it was a kind of triumphal march all the time,
the people wishing to honour those who had taken part in the conquering
of China.

[Sidenote: Dec. 23.]

We reached Pasig at sunset. Mr. Consul Diggles gave a grand dinner,
and afterwards a ball, at which a native tailor introduced himself. He
was helped to an awkward fall downstairs, and roared out he was dead!
Poor Diggles got into trouble about it, a junta of doctors declaring
the tailor was in danger of losing his life. However, a sum of money
soothed this down, like most things amongst natives.

[Sidenote: Dec. 25.]

We ate our Christmas dinner at the _hacienda_ of the Augustinian
friars, a rich community, who were most lavish in their entertainment.

[Sidenote: Dec. 28.]

Dinner at the United States Consulate; went afterwards to Balancan by
moonlight, staying at the convent of Quingoa, with Padre Faustus; we
slept in small dormitories.

[Sidenote: Dec. 30.]

Returned to the city of Manila, getting an excellent cup of chocolate
before starting from a priest who had been a soldier in the Carlist
wars.

[Sidenote: Dec. 31.]

Made purchases, by permission of Sir William Parker, of Manila rope,
cordage, sails, booms, and small spars for _Dido_. _Cornwallis_ also
refitted. Paid farewell visits to Captain-General and other friends.




CHAPTER XXXI

_Dido_--CALCUTTA


[Sidenote: 1844. Jan. 1. Manila.]

2 P.M.--Weighed in company with _Cornwallis_.

5.30.--Came to off Cavite Fort. Received on board Lord Saltoun, Hope
Grant, and Captain Cunynghame, A.D.C. Parted company with _Cornwallis_.

Left Rear-Admiral’s bag of coffee behind, which he won’t think much of.
Have plenty of turkeys, though.

[Sidenote: Jan. 7.]

Hong Kong; arrived 7 A.M. Glad to find Charlie Graham in command of
_Castor_, 36, in from England.

Received following vexatious memo:--

    H.M.S. _Agincourt_, HONG KONG,
    _January 8, 1844_.

    _Memo._--It is my direction that you cause the _Vixen_,
    steamer, to be supplied with main topmast studding sail booms, 1.

    Ditto T. gallant do., 1.

    And you will return to the naval storekeeper under-mentioned,
    viz.:

        Barling spars, 2.
        Middling, do., 3.
        Main topgallant studding sail booms, 1.
        Swinging booms, 1.
        Main topmast studding sail booms, 1.

    (Signed) THOS. COCHRANE,
    Rear-Admiral.

    CAPTAIN THE HON. HENRY KEPPEL,
    H.M.S. _Dido_.

[Sidenote: Jan, 23.]

Attended the counting, weighing, and packing of sycee silver to be sent
by _Dido_.

[Sidenote: Jan. 25.]

$400,000 worth of sycee silver shipped this morning for Calcutta.

[Sidenote: Jan. 28.]

Farewell dinner given me by Compton, all the merchants accompanying
me with lanterns afterwards to my boat. Three hearty cheers, and we
parted. Have received much kindness and hospitality.

[Sidenote: Jan. 29.]

Report of a junk sunk with stones caused me to secure the best Chinese
pilot. On his coming on board, he requested he might have a sailor’s
hat, that he might hide his well-coiled tail, as “too muchee mandarin
about.”

We weighed and made sail. I placed the pilot in the starboard
hammock netting, he squatting at my feet. We had a fresh fair wind;
tide with us.

At about 3 P.M. _Dido’s_ bow suddenly rose (with $2,000,000 of sycee
silver in her!). My two-foot Dollond came down like a hammer on the
pilot’s head. He fell overboard, his life saved by the hat I had given
him. I saw him swimming for the shore, like the toad that he was.

My _Dido’s_ pace not checked. She rose to the obstacle--a sunken junk
full of stones--and descended the other side like a hunter.

At sunset we came to at Hong Kong Roads. Not a drop of water could be
found in the well, and my boys were too anxious to get away to breathe
a word.

General Sir Hugh Gough was one of a parting dinner given by Admiral to
Lord Saltoun.

[Sidenote: Jan. 31.]

Embarked Lord Saltoun at noon, Hope Grant and Cunynghame with him. Out
of sight of flag before daylight.

[Sidenote: Feb. 5.]

Current favouring us. Saltoun and Grant performing on the guitar and
violoncello of an evening.

Like my new Lieutenant, Turnour; he has nerve for carrying sail.

[Sidenote: Singapore, Feb. 10.]

Anchored at Singapore. Found orders to proceed to Penang. Returned a
salute of 17 guns fired for Lord Saltoun.

[Sidenote: Feb. 12.]

There is a pleasure in a fast-sailing ship. Until arrival of _Dido_
opium clippers had it all their own way.

[Sidenote: Penang, Feb. 15.]

Anchored off Penang at 7 A.M. Glad to find Commander-in-Chief, living
on the hill. Saltoun and staff came up after tiffin.

[Sidenote: Feb. 16.]

_Diana_ arrived with accounts of _Harlequin_, and _Wanderer’s_ boat
action with pirates.

[Sidenote: Feb. 18.]

_Wanderer_ arrived; too late to see my wounded friend Brooke or Henry
Seymour.

[Sidenote: Feb. 19.]

Dinner with Admiral Sir William Parker. Good ball and supper given by
kind residents.

[Sidenote: Feb. 20.]

Examined and passed Bobby Jenkins. If he has an opportunity he will
distinguish himself. After tiffin with Admiral, re-embarked passengers.
Left my China boy, Chopsticks, at school in Penang, and sailed.

[Sidenote: Feb. 22.]

Saltoun with gout. Nothing puts him out of temper though. Thermometer
84°. Grant training the small band into fairly good play.

[Sidenote: March 5.]

During a calm D’Aeth and Turnour dived under ship’s bottom to see if
any part of false keel had been disturbed; nothing perceptible.

[Sidenote: Calcutta, March 7.]

The very small puppy Smut killed six large rats under gunroom skylight.
Made the Sandheads light-vessel at 11 P.M.

[Sidenote: March 8.]

Got a gentleman pilot on board at 2 A.M.--a Mr. Perie; he marked our
lead-lines to inches.

[Sidenote: March 9.]

Got up to-day as far as Hooghly Reach, forty miles from Calcutta.
Cunynghame and Gemmell went up at midnight in cutter.

[Sidenote: Mar. 11.]

Started with tide at 2 A.M. in gig with Saltoun, arriving at
Calcutta at six (thirty miles). Put up at Spence’s; dinner with the
Governor-General, Lord Ellenborough.

[Sidenote: Mar. 12.]

Established a buggy and made calls. Dinner and dance at Government
House.

[Sidenote: Mar. 13.]

Breakfast with my old friend Engledene, who had been with me in the
_Tweed_. Landed the sycee silver. Lord Saltoun giving a parting dinner
to the “Didos.”

[Sidenote: Mar. 14.]

Woodhead and Co. will be astonished. Sent by mail £500.

Grand ball given by Governor-General. Splendid sight.

[Sidenote: Mar. 15.]

Up at daylight to accompany Lord Saltoun to steamer. Larpent took me
with him to the Tent Club. Sent horses and traps in the morning.

[Sidenote: Mar. 16.]

Up at daylight. Enjoy the noble sport of hog-hunting. Tiffined and
slept in the middle of the day, and went at it again in the evening. It
is indeed a noble sport.

[Sidenote: Mar. 17.]

Sunday.--Went out again, but not without some qualms of conscience as
to the day, which, however, vanished as I blooded my first spear in
a young boar, after a chase of a couple of miles; grand and exciting
sport.

Returned with Larpent to Calcutta. Found mail letters on my table.
Quiet dinner with Hope Grant prior to his departure up-country.

[Sidenote: Mar. 19.]

Drove Horton down Garden Reach. Called on Judges. Dinner with 10th
Regiment. Ball at Mrs. Cameron’s. Fifteenth birthday of her handsome
girl, Pattie.

[Sidenote: Mar. 20.]

Weather increasing in heat. Dined with Sir Lawrence, cousin to Sir
Robert Peel--a princely fellow; large party; excellent dinner.

[Sidenote: Mar. 21.]

Up at daylight to inspect the arsenal and _Phlegethon_. Visited
Deputy-Governor, Mr. Bird.

[Sidenote: Mar. 22.]

Overland mail arrived during the night, bringing news of Horton’s
promotion. A more deserving step has never been bestowed.

Went over the Mint. _Tête-à-tête_ dinner with a Mr. Grant, a
scientific, good old boy with powerful telescope.

[Sidenote: Mar. 23.]

Up at daylight to have a further inspection of the dockyard and
steamers. Went with Larpent in a boat; as good a dinner as ever I
tasted at Mr. Maddock’s club afterwards.

[Sidenote: Mar. 26.]

Admiral arriving at 4 P.M. _Dido_ manned yards and returned the fort’s
salute. He established at Government House, Horton and I dined at Sir
Henry Seton’s.

[Sidenote: Mar. 27.]

Admiral at Barrackpore. Dined at the Bengal Club; capital dinner.
Barber and Welford pleasant companions.

[Sidenote: Mar. 28.]

At daylight with Tom Pitts to join hog-hunting-party; new ground. Sport
not much; breakfast excellent. Dined with Mr. Brachan. Theatre in
evening.

[Sidenote: Mar. 29.]

Rowed old Richards about in my gig. Tiffined with Lord Ellenborough.
Dinner with Mr. Robison. Finished the evening, Horton and I, with
Larpent.

Blue at the fore hoisted on board my _Dido_.

[Sidenote: Mar. 30.]

Visiting with Wilford. Dinner with Colonel Forbes.

[Sidenote: Mar. 31.]

Took Partridge on shore with me to breakfast, and passed a quiet day at
Sir Lawrence Peel’s.

[Sidenote: April 3.]

To tiffin with Wilson at the Cannon Foundry. Beautiful order. Went to a
grand dinner given by the Artillery at Dum-Dum to the Admiral.

[Sidenote: April 4.]

Sun broiling hot. Went on board in the middle of the day. Tiffin with
Gillander and Gladstone. With young Larpent to the Tent Club. Got a
fall on the hard road, horse rolling over; such a brute!

[Sidenote: April 5.]

Up at daylight, hog-hunting; good sport. Well mounted this time by Tom
Pitts. Slept, tiffined, and read in heat of the day. At 4 P.M. hunted
again, and finished the evening with a jolly good dinner.

[Sidenote: April 6.]

Two capital hunts after hog. Got a second spear with Mr. Brachan. Rode
home in the evening, twenty-two miles, Tom Pitts having forgotten to
send buggy. Large dinner at Government House.

[Sidenote: April 8.]

Visited General Gilbert, a really good sporting family. Dinner at the
Hay-Camerons’.

[Sidenote: April 9.]

Sailing orders made out and pilot ordered. Tiffined with Lancelot Dent
of China. To dinner with Platt’s pretty daughters. Don’t think much of
his picture of “The Signing of the Treaty at Nanking.”

[Sidenote: April 10.]

The Platt ladies visited my _Dido_, and stayed so late I had little
time to dress for dinner. Hurried off in my buggy to Mr. Lawrence
Peel’s at Garden Reach. Sir William Parker also dining.

The road inside the compound was flat and winding, lit on either side
by cocoanut-oil lamps, mounted on poles just level with my eyes, which
prevented my seeing obstacles in the way. The syce was seated on the
step as usual. All at once I found myself on my head, with the buggy
on top of me. Horse and shafts had disappeared. Being not far from the
house, I joined the Admiral as he left his carriage. I was supposed to
be part of his staff.

After dinner, when Sir William inquired how I had come out, I told him,
and was kindly given a lift back.

[Sidenote: April 13.]

Progress not much in tow of small steamer against fresh breeze, to say
nothing of the dirt received from ditto. Ten lakhs on board though.

[Sidenote: April 14.]

Sunday.--In pilot’s hands. When abreast of Diamond Harbour, Admiral
came up in a steamer. Went on board to dine, and then took leave.

[Sidenote: May 3.]

Pulo Penang in sight at daybreak. A squall took us the last eighteen
miles in an hour and a half.

[Sidenote: May 6.]

Niceish breeze. Passed the Sands and several sail. No time to go into
Malacca. Plucky Smut unwilling to face a booby bird in single combat.

The poor dog got his tail under the truck of a gun-carriage, and made
“plenty noise.”

[Sidenote: May 9.]

Weighed early for Singapore Roads. Anchored. Found French corvette
_Sabine_ and an American frigate _St. Louis_.

[Sidenote: May 10.]

Returned visits. _Tête-à-tête_ dinner with George Hastings.

[Sidenote: May 14.]

Party on board to dinner--some of them by the head!--Brooke, French
Captain, Napier, Elliot, etc.

[Sidenote: May 15.]

Sailed at daylight. Beat _Harlequin_, she taking Brooke to Sarawak.

Again running up the China Sea.

[Sidenote: May 22.]

Made the Bombay reef at sunset: nasty-looking place on a dark night.

[Sidenote: May 23.]

2.30 A.M.--Struck hard on a rock twice, all sail set. No one can tell,
but those who try it, the painful, sickening sensation it causes. It
was supposed to be a straggler from the Lincoln shoal. No apparent
damage.

Symptoms of north-east monsoon having just given in. Came up with the
_Victoria_ barque, that had started ten days before us from Singapore.

[Sidenote: Hong Kong, May 26.]

Anchored at 7 A.M. in Hong Kong, happy to find flag absent. Dined with
Caine.

[Sidenote: May 27.]

Preparing my _Dido_ for facing the south-west monsoon. Dinner with
Charlie Graham. Punch, and porter cup; venison from Blenheim rotten.
Jolly party though.

[Sidenote: May 28.]

American corvette _St. Louis_ arrived, we having beaten her four days.
Dined with Caine to meet Sir Henry Pottinger.

[Sidenote: May 31.]

Visited old Michael Quin, laid up.

[Sidenote: June 1.]

_Serpent_ off in a hurry, afraid of detention. Dined with the General
(Sir Hugh Gough) to meet French Commodore and officers. Put up at
Crawford Kerr’s.

[Sidenote: June 15.]

A gallop with Synge. Dined with Caine, Sir Henry Pottinger and
Rear-Admiral meeting them. Slow, with humbug.

[Sidenote: June 17.]

Grand survey of _Dido’s_ bottom by warrant officers expecting
promotion. Report: “Much injured along the keel.”

[Sidenote: June 19.]

Weighed at daylight. Did not lose sight of the blue at the mizzen
until noon. Ran into the mud opposite Macao at 9 P.M. Went on shore to
Drummond’s.

[Sidenote: June 21.]

Made sail for Singapore.

[Sidenote: July 10.]

Again in the free and open sea. A slashing breeze, such as my
_Dido_ delights in. Unable to do much, owing to rotten ropes and
sails--unseamanlike and mistaken ideas of economy.

[Sidenote: July 16.]

Brooke’s coast in sight, Tanjong Datu. _Dido_ looking straight for
Singapore.

[Sidenote: July 17.]

Ran through the beautiful and picturesque Tambelan Islands, too
numerous to count. Sent a boat on shore, and exchanged with the natives
biscuit for green cocoanut.

[Sidenote: July 18.]

Arrived late at Singapore.

[Sidenote: July 19.]

_Cambrian_, 36, in the roads with broad pennant of Henry D. Chads.
Dined with Belcher, at Captain’s House, he having been shot through
both thighs in a scrimmage with pirates.

[Sidenote: July 20.]

On board to see Chads off. A good fellow.

[Sidenote: July 22.]

Dined with Napier. News from Brooke. _Dido_ wanted.

Transacted business as Senior Naval Officer in the Straits. Jolly
dinner-party with W. H. Read. George Hastings, of _Harlequin_, a
capital fellow.

[Sidenote: July 23.]

Hogg, of Fort William, and friends to dine. Amateur theatricals in the
evening--“The Merchant of Venice.” Read performed. Supped with Portia!

[Sidenote: July 24.]

We dined with Belcher. Noisy party on some good white port. Started
_Phlegethon_ for Borneo.

[Sidenote: July 25.]

Weighed at daylight.

[Sidenote: July 28.]

Off Brooke’s province in Borneo. Sent pinnace in by western entrance.

[Sidenote: July 29.]

At sunset found steamer off the entrance of the river. Got on board;
_Dido_ to follow up to Kuching, where I found Brooke at three o’clock
in the middle watch. Hearty welcome.

[Sidenote: July 30.]

Kuching is to be called Sarawak; much improved. Some additional
companions; the population considerably increased. Brooke in a new and
better house; a much improved and prettier site.

[Sidenote: July 31.]

_Dido_ moving up. Native war-boats collecting to assist in the intended
attack on Seriff Sahib. While at a midnight council with Rajah Muda
Hassim, a report was brought me that _Dido_ was high and dry. While
warping up the Sarawak River the previous evening she came to an anchor
at sunset, in a narrow passage short of the town. I had cautioned the
Master that the flood came up with a rush, and recommended additional
hawsers from the port quarter to be secured to the larger trees on
shore. I had been up before, but the Master was older than I was,
and as I had not given a positive order, I suppose he did not see the
necessity. He was a good fellow, and fully saw where he was wrong. When
I got there _Dido_ was on her beam ends--royal yards across. Nothing
could be done till the rise of the tide. I took this opportunity
for ascertaining the truth of the warrant officers’ report to the
Commander-in-Chief on 17th June last. _Dido’s_ keel was uninjured,
although some bits of copper had been torn off her bottom.

I took charge and went on the forecastle, where foothold was difficult.
Outside on the starboard bow lay the gun that had been hoisted outside,
but as it still clung to the ship, the standing part of the tackle was
left in the rigging, with the fall on the forecastle. It was on the
edge of this fall that I had got my footing. The tide had risen over
the port hammock netting; and just as I was giving the order to cut
away, the forecastle gun slipped overboard, taking the tackle with
it, on the fall of which I was standing. It caused me to perform an
unwilling somersault in the air.

[Sidenote: Aug. 1.]

_Dido_ arrived at her old berth off Kuching, and saluted Rajah Muda
Hassim.

[Sidenote: Aug. 2.]

Visited neat and pretty bungalows lately built by Williamson and
Steward, the latter a Norfolk man.




INDEX


  Abercorn, the Duke of, iii. 333

  Accra, i. 214, 221, 232, 238, 242; iii. 72

  Adam, General Sir Frederick, i. 148
    Sir Charles, ii. 46

  Adeane, Lieutenant, iii. 55

  Adelaide, Queen, i. 121, 160, 246

  Aden, iii. 118, 119

  Admiralty Islands, ii. 150

  _Adventure_, iii. 174, 180

  _Africa_, i. 7, 12, 13

  Agar-Ellis, Miss, ii. 201

  Ailesbury, Lady, iii. 322

  Ainos, the, iii. 199

  Aitkin, Lieutenant, iii. 235

  _Alabama_, iii. 83

  Åland Islands, ii. 232

  Albany, ii. 142

  _Albatross_, ii. 81, 127

  Albemarle, George, 3rd Earl, i. 59
    William Charles, 4th Earl, i. 4, 5, 7, 67, 102, 160, 248, 249, 251,
        252, 253, 254, 256; ii. 41, 43, 46, 58
    Augustus Frederick, 5th Earl; _see_ Keppel
    George Thomas, 6th Earl; _see_ Keppel
    Lord, i. 14

  Albert of Saxe-Coburg, Prince Consort, i. 250, 251; ii. 313, 324;
        iii. 38, 39, 78, 80

  Alcock, Sir Rutherford, iii. 143, 171, 192, 194, 236, 237, 259

  Alexandria, i. 170, 178; iii. 18, 117

  Alfred, Prince; _see_ Edinburgh, Duke of

  _Algerine_, iii. 224

  Algoa Bay, iii. 46

  Ali, Pangeran Oman, ii. 84

  Ali, Patingi, ii. 7; iii. 125

  Alicante, i. 187, 188, 190

  Allen, R. C., ii. 3

  _Alligator_, ii. 337; iii. 2, 8

  Allison, William, ii. 160

  Alma, the, ii. 240

  Amaral, Don Joao Maria Farriera do, ii. 116, 121

  _Amazon_, ii. 115

  Amboyna, ii. 147

  _America_ yacht, ii. 203

  Amoor River, iii. 192, 210

  Amoy, iii. 138, 139, 220

  _Amphion_, ii. 47, 234

  Amping, iii. 224

  Andover, Lord and Lady, i. 7, 255

  Andrade, Count Manuel Carvalho Pas de, i. 40, 41, 42

  Anjer, ii. 129

  Anson, Eliza, Lady Waterpark, i. 8, 12
    Thomas, i. 7, 163
    Hon. William, i. 8, 22

  Armitage, Whaley, i. 85, 87, 264, 273

  Ascension, i. 90, 243, 244; iii. 69

  Ashantis, the, i. 214, 218, 222

  Astley, Sir Jacob, i. 14

  Auckland, Lord, ii. 44, 46

  Auckland, N.Z., ii. 171

  _Auckland_, ii. 77, 79

  _Aurora_, i. 14, 43, 44, 61

  Australia, ii. 132, 134, 152

  _Australia_, ii. 128, 129


  Bahia; _see_ San Salvador

  Baker, Sir Samuel, iii. 320
    Admiral Sir Thomas, i. 123

  Balaclava, ii. 252, 255, 258, 262

  Balambangan, ii. 94, 127

  Balfour, Lieutenant-Colonel, i. 81

  Bali Island, ii. 131

  Baltic, the, ii. 220

  Banda Islands, ii. 144, 146

  Bankok, iii. 229

  Bannerman, Mr., i. 221, 243

  Barbadoes, i. 56, 108

  Barcelona, i. 188, 189, 191, 195-197, 200

  Baring, Admiral Sir Francis, ii. 201

  Barnard, General, ii. 246, 279

  Barösund, ii. 226

  Barrington, Commander Hon. George, i. 51

  Barton, A., ii. 3

  _Basilisk_, iii. 192

  Batang Lupar River, i. 311; ii. 2

  Batavia, i. 147, 216; ii. 129, 130, 131

  Bathurst, iii. 72

  Bay of Islands, N.Z., ii. 171

  Beatrice, H.R.H. Princess, iii. 36

  Beaufort, Sir Francis, ii. 201

  Bedford, Mr. D. B., i. 136, 139

  Beefsteak Club, the, i. 96, 97

  Beith, R., surgeon, ii. 3

  Belcher, Captain Sir Edward, ii. 18

  Belem, ii. 213

  Bell, Admiral, iii. 177

  _Belleisle_, i. 261, 264, 269, 272, 275, 277

  _Bellerophon_, i. 200

  Bentinck, Lord George, ii. 326; iii. 101, 109;
    _see_ Cavendish-Bentinck

  Beresford, Lord James, i. 187
    Admiral Sir John de la Poer, i. 121

  Berkeley, Admiral Hon. Sir George, i. 163
    Lady Georgina Mary, i. 163
    Admiral Sir Maurice, ii. 244; iii. 29

  Bessani; _see_ Grand Bessani

  “Bishop of Bond Street, the,” ii. 70

  _Bittern_, iii. 1

  Black Sea, ii. 251

  Bladen-Capel, Admiral Hon. Sir T., ii. 199

  Blake, Lieutenant, i. 42, 44
    Colonel, i. 75, 84, 88

  Blakiston, Captain, iii. 238

  Blanckley, Commander Edward, i. 123

  Bogue Forts, ii. 54

  Bomarsund, ii. 231, 233, 238

  Bombay, iii. 14

  Bonard, Commodore, ii. 177

  Bonham, George, i. 147, 263, 288

  Borneo, i. 290, 292; ii. 9; iii. 127

  Botany Bay, ii. 153, 164

  Boto Fogo, i. 36

  Bouchier, Captain, i. 273, 278

  _Bouncer_, iii. 234

  Bourbon, i. 85

  Bouverie, Admiral Hon. Duncombe, i. 244

  Bowles, Admiral, iii. 281

  Bowyear, Captain George Leger, ii. 57, 58, 59, 158, 177

  Boxer, Admiral, ii. 251, 262

  Boyd, Benjamin, ii. 157

  Bozin, Prince, iii. 180, 181

  Bradshaw, Commander Manser, ii. 227

  Braybroke, Lord and Lady, i. 162

  _Brazen_, i. 41, 42, 97

  Bremer, Captain Sir J. G., ii. 134

  Brierly, Sir Oswald, ii. 156, 157, 182, 203, 210

  Briggs, Admiral Sir Thomas, i. 168

  _Brisk_, iii. 45

  Brooke, Brooke, iii. 11
    Rajah, i. 288-296, 298, 299, 302, 306, 308, 312, 313, 317, 319,
        333, 339; ii. 1, 3, 6, 21, 23, 30, 43, 44, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61,
        62, 63, 65, 70, 76, 82, 84, 85, 86, 87, 90-92, 103, 111, 127,
        202, 322, 334; iii. 11, 13, 29, 96, 115, 123, 220

  Brooker, Commander, iii. 194, 260

  Brougham, Henry (Lord High Chancellor), i. 97
    Lord, i. 11, 177

  Brougham and Vaux, Lady, iii. 25

  Broughton, Lord, i. 97

  Browne, Sir Samuel, ii. 45

  Brunei, ii. 45, 82; iii. 126

  Buccleuch, Duchess of, iii. 326

  Buckland, Francis Trevelyan, iii. 82

  Buckley, Commander, V.C., iii. 40

  Budrudeen, Pangeran, i. 306; ii. 1, 42, 84

  Buffalo River, iii. 46

  Buffon Bay, i. 209, 210

  Bulkeley, Sir Richard, i. 93, 98; ii. 42

  Bullen, Admiral Sir Charles, ii. 55

  Bulman, Mr., i. 257, 262, 263

  Bunting, ii. 21

  Buonaparte; _see_ Napoleon

  Burdett, Sir Francis, i. 8, 9, 14

  Burdett-Coutts, Miss, iii. 115, 124

  Burlton, Lieutenant, iii. 56

  Burnaby, Mr., ii. 121, 122

  Burton, Judge, and Mrs., i. 71

  Bury, Viscount, i. 254

  Bush, Commander, iii. 221
    Mr., ii. 116

  Butterworth, Colonel, ii. 24, 76

  Byng, H., ii. 48

  Byron, Captain Lord, i. 43


  Cabrera, General, i. 188

  Cagayan Sulu, ii. 97, 109, 111

  Cairo, iii. 18

  Calcutta, i. 150, 152, 333, 334

  _Calcutta_, iii. 3

  Calderon, Don, i. 195

  _Caledonia_, i. 168, 170, 200

  Calverley, S., ii. 3

  _Cambrian_, ii. 46

  Cambridge, H.R.H. Duke of, i. 251; ii. 249; iii. 25, 322

  Campbell, Colonel Sir Colin, i. 262, 269, 272; ii. 80, 82, 252, 301
    Admiral Sir Patrick, C.B., i. 55, 244

  Canning, George, i. 25

  _Canopus_, i. 169, 170, 171, 176

  Canrobert, Marshal, ii. 267

  Canton, i. 281, 325; ii. 54; iii. 132, 231
    River, ii. 15; iii. 8

  Cape Coast, i. 214, 216, 217, 221

  Cape de Verd Islands, i. 33, 71

  Cape of Good Hope, i. 68, 69, 71, 72, 77, 87, 159, 202, 262

  Cape Town, iii. 67

  Caroline, Queen, i. 8

  Carteret, Captain, ii. 152

  Carthagena, i. 59, 198

  Casher, E., ii. 55, 199

  Castries Bay, iii. 214

  Cavendish-Bentinck, Lord William, i. 84, 153

  Cavite, i. 331; ii. 125

  Celebes Islands, ii. 108

  Ceram Islands, ii. 146

  Chads, Commodore Henry D., i. 338, 339

  Challier, Commodore, iii. 274

  Charlotte, Princess, i. 6

  Chefoo, iii. 172, 192, 264

  Chernaze, ii. 263

  Chersonese; _see_ Khersonese

  Chesterfield, Lord, iii. 328

  Chiang Kiang-Fu, i. 270, 271

  _Childers_, i. 68, 164, 165, 174, 175, 193, 198, 244, 272, 274

  Chin-kiang, iii. 221, 238

  Christmas Island, ii. 75

  Church, Thomas, ii. 77

  Churchill, Captain Lord John, i. 66, 73, 77, 82, 110, 249, 280

  Chusan, i. 266, 277

  Ciervo Island, ii. 188

  Clarence, William, Duke of, i. 68

  Clarendon, Lord, iii. 265

  Clark, John, surgeon, ii. 143

  Clifford, Sir Augustus, i. 67, 84
    Lady de, i. 52

  _Clio_, i. 190, 191, 272

  Clyde, Lord; _see_ Campbell, Sir Colin

  Coaker, Jonas, i. 69, 83, 165, 249; ii. 53

  Coburg Peninsula, ii. 134, 136

  Cochrane, Hon. A. J., i. 27
    Admiral Sir Thomas; _see_ Dundonald (“Young”), iii. 4

  _Cockchafer_, iii. 187, 233

  Codrington, Admiral Sir Edward, i. 68
    Colonel, ii. 46

  Coghlan, Colonel, iii. 118

  Coke, Edward, ii. 41, 201
    Henry (“Wenny”), i. 249, 264; ii. 256, 281; iii. 19
    Thomas William (Earl of Leicester), i. 7, 8, 14, 15, 47, 278

  Cole, General Sir Lowry, i. 77, 78, 81, 82, 83
    Lady Frances, i. 78

  Collier, Captain Sir Francis, i. 108, 109, 112, 249, 251; ii. 47, 82,
        128

  Collingwood, Admiral, i. 13

  _Colombo_, ii. 270

  Colonna, the Marquis de, i. 195

  _Colossus_, ii. 312

  _Columbine_, i. 170, 176, 180, 231, 232, 278; ii. 116

  Colville, Admiral Lord, i. 29, 48
    Sir Charles, i. 77, 85, 87

  Comba Island, ii. 132

  Comber, Lieutenant Henry W., ii. 3, 5, 45, 58, 74, 79, 125, 128

  Commerell, Admiral of the Fleet Sir J. E., ii. 73

  Conolly, Mr., iii. 143, 192

  Constantinople, i. 175, 176; ii. 251, 312

  Conti, General, i. 189

  Cook, Captain, ii. 153

  Cooke, T. P., i. 97, 105

  Cook’s Straits, ii. 169

  Cork, i. 29, 30, 48, 49

  _Cormorant_, ii. 199; iii. 139

  _Cornwallis_, i. 264, 269, 272, 273, 331

  Corromanli, Ali, i. 172
    Youssuf, i. 171

  Corry, Admiral Sir A. Lowry, ii. 210, 224, 231

  Corvé Bay, iii. 173, 191

  Cotton, Lieutenant Alexander, i. 101, 105

  Courtenay, Captain, iii. 198

  Cracroft, Commander Peter, ii. 208

  Creighton, Captain, iii. 187

  Crimea, the, ii. 218, 244

  Croker, Rt. Hon. John Wilson, i. 105

  Crosbie, Catherine; _see_ Lady Keppel
    General Sir John, i. 92, 246, 248, 249, 250, 251, 253, 255; ii. 27
    “Dob,” iii. 145
    Lieutenant John, i. 89, 91, 92, 251
    William, ii. 55

  _Cumberland_, ii. 235; iii. 115

  Cumming, Captain Arthur, iii. 76

  _Cygnet_, ii. 40


  D’Aeth, E. H. H., i. 276; ii. 3, 6, 289

  Dalarö Channel, ii. 224

  Dalkeith, Lord, iii. 326

  Daniell, Commander, ii. 127

  Darby, G. S., ii. 3

  Dardanelles, the, i. 176; ii. 249

  _Dauntless_, ii. 230, 231

  Davis, Sir John, ii. 111

  de Grey, Lord, iii. 322

  de Horsey, Captain Algernon, iii. 44, 45, 55

  Delagoa Bay, iii. 46

  De Lesseps, M. Ferdinand, iii. 118

  Delmé, George, i. 81

  Denison, Sir William, ii. 158, 163

  Dent, John, and Co., iii. 143

  Deschênes, Admiral A. F. Parseval, ii. 226-228

  D’Eyncourt, Captain, ii. 73

  _Dido_, i. 255, 256, 257, 262, 270, 272, 277, 319, 326, 332, 340; ii.
        1, 29, 30

  Digby, Lord, i. 12
    Edward, i. 12, 98
    Admiral Sir Henry, i. 7, 12, 13, 14; ii. 219
    Admiral Hon. R., i. 12

  D’Israeli, Isaac, iii. 230

  Dixcove, i. 213-215

  D’Orsay, Count, i. 163.

  Douglas, Bloomfield, i. 302, 304

  Dover, Lord, ii. 201

  Drake, Sir Frederick, ii. 185

  Droxford, i. 249, 253; ii. 28

  Drummond, Edward, ii. 26

  Duè, iii. 215

  Dundas, Hon. Admiral George, i. 97, 119
    Admiral J. W. Deans, ii. 47, 57, 128, 201
    Captain Richard Deans, i. 55, 244

  Dundee, iii. 111

  Dundonald, Earl, i. 14, 36, 38, 39-42, 163, 256, 278, 280, 322, 331;
        ii. 68, 212

  Dunkin, Captain Thomas, i. 77

  _Dupleix_, iii. 186, 187, 227

  Dupplin, Lord, iii. 323


  Eager, John, ii. 7

  Eastern Archipelago, ii. 115

  Eastern Archipelago Company, ii. 63, 127

  East London, Port of, iii. 46

  Eden, Commander Henry, ii. 47

  Edinburgh, H.R.H. the Duke of, iii. 40, 278, 284-315

  _Edinburgh_, i. 169, 170

  Elgin, Lord, iii. 10, 241

  Ellesmere, Lord, ii. 61, 65, 191

  Ellice, Robert, ii. 116

  Ellis, Commander Henry, i. 127

  Ellis and Co., iii. 223

  Elphinstone, Lord, iii. 14

  Emhammud, i. 172

  Emmanuel, Emmanuel, iii. 323

  Emot, Captain, iii. 177

  _Endymion_, i. 168, 180, 183, 184, 266, 274, 278

  Enslie, Consul, iii. 298

  Erskine, Captain J. E., ii. 164

  Esche, Mr., iii. 194, 202

  _Espoir_, i. 68, 69, 77, 86

  Essington, Port, ii. 132, 134, 144

  Etholin, Captain, ii. 302; iii. 218

  Eupatoria, ii. 261

  Europa Island, iii. 50

  Eyre, Captain, i. 74, 260

  Eyres, Captain Henry, i. 242, 278


  Fairfax-Moresby, Admiral, ii. 195

  Farquhar, Captain, ii. 81, 127

  Fatshan Creek, iii. 2

  Fernando Po, i. 223, 224

  Ferraz, Captain-General Valentine, i. 187, 188, 225

  Figueroa, Don Cayetano de, ii. 107

  _Firebrand_, ii. 73

  _Firm_, iii. 177

  _Firmee_, iii. 9

  Fitzroy, Colonel, i. 71, 72, 87
    Commander Arthur, ii. 153; iii. 70
    Captain Augustus, ii. 40, 153, 157, 303
    Sir Charles, ii. 40, 153, 155, 164
    George, ii. 40, 153, 157; iii. 192, 205
    Mary, ii. 40, 153

  Flowers, Consul, iii. 301

  Foley, St. George, ii. 310
    Sir George, iii. 9

  Foochow, iii. 236

  Ford, Captain, i. 148

  Formosa, iii. 222, 223

  _Forte_, iii. 39, 41, 65, 77

  Fukevitche, Captain, iii. 206

  Funchal Roads, i. 30; ii. 70, 214; iii. 41

  Furnhjelm, Admiral Jean, iii. 194, 195, 206, 208, 212

  _Fury_, ii. 115, 128


  Gage, Admiral Sir William Hall, i. 55, 81, 184; ii. 52

  _Galatea_, i. 100, 101, 103, 105; iii. 284, 299, 302

  Galle; _see_ Point de Galle

  Gambia River, iii. 71

  Garibaldi, iii. 83

  Garnier, George, i. 16, 19
    Henry, i. 148, 159
    Lieutenant Keppel, iii. 190, 231
    Thomas (Dean), i. 15, 16, 25, 103
    Thomas, iii. 324
    William, i. 15

  _Gazelle_, ii. 185, 187

  Geisinger, Commodore, ii. 116

  George IV., King, i. 74, 102

  Gibraltar, i. 168, 184, 189, 194, 196, 200, 201; ii. 217, 248

  Gibson, Consul, iii. 224, 226

  Gilford, Lieutenant Lord, iii. 1, 20

  Glanville, Mr., i. 74, 85, 86, 103, 104

  Gleichen, Count, iii. 25

  Goldsmith, Captain George, i. 68, 165, 174, 203, 206, 208, 222, 249;
        ii. 68

  Goodwood, ii. 55

  Gordon, Sir James, ii. 42, 57
    General C. G., iii. 245

  Goschen, Mr., iii. 326

  Gough, General Sir Hugh, i. 264, 266, 272, 273

  Gouldisborough, iii. 182

  Gower, Consul, iii. 299

  Graham, Captain Charles, i. 331; ii. 59
    Sir James, i. 119, 164; ii. 210, 256
    Lieutenant Stanley, ii. 230; iii. 1, 3

  Grancy, Comte G. F. E. de, iii. 227

  Grand Bessani, i. 212

  Grant, Captain James Augustus, iii. 41, 46
    Charles, iii. 11
    Lieutenant Hope, i. 98, 332, 333

  Greville, Commander Henry F., i. 68, 69, 77

  Grey, Admiral Sir Frederick, i. 266, 273, 278; ii. 216, 251; iii. 45,
        78
    Sir George, iii. 40, 41, 45, 78, 79
    Captain Hon. Sir George, i. 22
    Captain Hon. George, i. 22, 201; ii. 249

  Gurdon, Lieutenant, iii. 224, 225, 226

  Guyamas, ii. 190, 191

  Gye, Frederick, iii. 25
    Lieutenant Herbert, iii. 235


  Haddington, Lord, ii. 30, 31

  Hakodadi, iii. 159, 161, 219

  Hall, Captain J., i. 271, 278; iii. 1

  Halstead, Admiral Sir Lawrence, i. 57

  Hamilton, Lord Claud, iii. 327
    Kerr Baillie, i. 82

  Hankow, iii. 243, 249

  Hara-Kari, ceremony of the, iii. 182

  Hardinge, Lieutenant-Colonel, i. 81

  Hardy, Sir Thomas, i. 69, 119, 164

  _Harlequin_, i. 60, 61, 184, 197, 200, 264, 274, 322, 333

  Harris, Commander Sir W., ii. 68; iii. 194

  _Hartford_, iii. 183

  Hartington, Lord, iii. 322

  Harvey, Admiral Edward, iii. 40

  Hastie, ii. 47

  _Hastings_, ii. 128

  Hathorn, John, i. 43, 44

  Havana, i. 59, 60, 64, 65, 118

  Hawley, Sir Joseph, i. 248, 249
    Lady; _see_ Sara Crosbie

  Hay, Commander John Dalrymple, ii. 116

  Hayti, i. 61

  Heki Hone, ii. 171

  Henderson, Commander Thomas, i. 231, 232

  Heneage, Admiral, i. 102
    Captain Algernon C. F., iii. 70, 115, 222, 223, 316

  Henessey, Pope, iii. 230

  Herbert, Sir Thomas, i. 264

  Hewitt, Captain, iii. 192, 283

  Hickley, Captain, iii. 174

  _Highflyer_, iii. 8

  Hill, Colonel, i. 66
    Dr., iii. 192, 231
    Captain Sir John, i. 107, 110, 255, 257, 258
    Lieutenant, i. 228, 232
    Lady Georgina; _see_ Keppel

  Hilliers, General Barraguay d’, ii. 231

  Hillyar, Lady, ii. 68

  _Hind_, i. 168, 176, 180, 200

  Hiogo, iii. 173, 174, 180, 187, 188

  Hirado Strait, iii. 194

  Hislop, James, i. 71

  Hobart Town, ii. 157, 161

  Hobhouse, Sir John Cam, i. 97; ii. 47

  Hockham, ii. 33, 37, 38, 49, 61

  Hodgson, General, iii. 119

  Hogarth, i. 96

  Holkham, i. 8, 15, 161, 248, 251; iii. 18

  Holland, H.M. the Queen of, iii. 85
    Henry, Lord, i. 1

  Holman, Joseph, i. 85

  Holyoake, Mr., i. 126, 129

  Home, Captain Sir Everard, i. 275, 276, 277

  Honeywood, W. P., i. 97

  Hong Kong, i. 264, 278, 280, 322, 325-327, 331, 337; ii. 113-115;
        iii. 9, 113, 129, 172, 180, 186, 220, 231, 234, 311

  _Hong-Kong_, iii. 1, 2, 4, 8

  Hooghly River, i. 155

  Hook, Theodore, i. 121

  Hope, Captain, ii. 73

  Hornby, Sir E., iii. 296
    James G. P., i. 22
    Admiral Sir Phipps, ii. 181, 195, 131

  Horsey, Captain Algernon de, iii. 44, 45-55

  Horton, Captain Frederick Wilmot, i. 274, 276, 294, 296, 297,
        312-316, 325; ii. 40, 256

  Hoste, Admiral Sir William, i. 15, 22; ii. 42

  Howard, Commander Hon. Edward, i. 199

  Howden, Lord, ii. 73

  Hughes, Colonel, i. 93

  Hume, David, ii. 44, 63

  Hunn, Captain Frederick, i. 25, 26, 33, 36, 55, 65, 168

  Hunt, Captain James, i. 304; ii. 239

  Huntingfield, Lord, iii. 323

  Hussein, Seriff, ii. 95

  Hutton, Lieutenant Frederick, i. 119, 124, 136, 157, 200

  _Hydra_, ii. 65


  Ibbetson, Robert, i. 147

  _Icarus_, iii. 170, 222

  Ichaboa Island, iii. 68

  Illanuns, the, i. 294

  _Inconstant_, ii. 181

  India, ii. 62

  _Inflexible_, ii. 115

  Ingestre, Captain Lord, i. 169, 176, 177, 187
    Lady Sarah, i. 187

  Inglefield, Admiral, ii. 76

  Inglis, Bishop J., i. 52, 53

  Inkerman, ii. 259, 280


  Jaffer, Seriff, i. 311, 317; ii. 2, 19, 21

  Jago, Commissary-General, i. 79

  Java, ii. 131

  Jenkins, Lieutenant Robert, i. 333; ii. 3

  Jephson, Dr., i. 253

  Jerdan, Mr., ii. 30, 62, 63

  “John Company,” i. 133, 134

  Johnson, C., ii. 3
    Lieutenant W. F., iii. 1

  Johore, the Tumongong of, iii. 122

  Joinville, Prince de, i. 201

  Jones, Sir Harry, ii. 284

  Jones, Commodore Oliver, iii. 129, 220

  Jonos, the, iii. 165


  Kaga, Prince, iii. 169

  Kalamanta Bay, i. 180

  Kapiti Island, ii. 171

  Karabonu, Cape, i. 168, 176

  Karangan, ii. 16

  Kazatch, ii. 262, 266

  Kearney, Major, iii. 2

  _Kearsage_, iii. 83

  Kellett, Admiral Sir H., iii. 310

  Kempt, General Sir James, i. 54

  Kent, H.R.H. the Duchess of, iii. 36

  KEPPEL, ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET SIR HENRY:--
    Birth, i. 1
    Christening, i. 1
    School-days, i. 2-5
    Choice of a career, i. 7
    Preparation for the Navy, i. 14
    Enters the Royal Naval College, Gosport, i. 16
    First voyage, i. 27
    Marries Catherine, daughter of Sir George Crosbie, i. 249
    Marries Jane Elizabeth West, iii. 80
    Appointments in H.M. Navy--
      Midshipman, i. 25
      Mate, i. 79
      Lieutenant, i. 86
      Commander, i. 158
      Commodore, ii. 322
      Admiral, iii. 15
    Ships:--
      _Childers_, i. 164
      _Colossus_, ii. 312
      _Cumberland_, iii. 115
      _Dido_, i. 255
      _Forte_, iii. 39
      _Galatea_, i. 100
      _Magicienne_, i. 119
      _Mæander_, ii. 58
      _Manilla_, iii. 143
      _Pearl_, iii. 135
      _Pelorus_, iii. 144
      _Princess Charlotte_, iii. 130, 172
      _Raleigh_, ii. 324
      _Rattler_, iii. 143
      _Rodney_, ii. 276; iii. 173
      _St. Jean d’Acre_, ii. 208
      _Tweed_, i. 25, 66
    Naval stations commanded by:--
      The Cape, iii. 39
      China, iii. 113
      Crimea, Naval Brigade, ii. 284
      Devonport, iii. 330
      S.E. America, iii. 71
      Straits Settlements, ii. 77
    Honours:--
      C.B., ii. 314
      K.C.B., iii. 15
      G.C.B., iii. 326
      D.C.L. Oxford, iii. 324-326

  KEPPEL, Lady (Catherine Crosbie), i. 249, 251, 253; ii. 27, 56, 57,
        88, 202, 207, 208, 328; iii. 18, 35

  KEPPEL, Lady (Jane West), iii. 80, 95, 114, 230
    Anne, i. 47, 67, 247, 249; ii. 23
    Augustus, Admiral Lord, i. 8, 59, 326
    Augustus Frederick, i. 254
    Captain Hon. Colin Richard, iii. 80, 95, 116, 230, 231, 273
    Rev. Edward, i. 67, 203; ii. 50; iii. 19
    Frances, i. 254
    George Thomas, i. 1, 5, 6, 85, 251, 253; ii. 59, 61
    Georgina, i. 66
    Leicester, ii. 61, 69
    Maria Walpole, iii. 98, 230, 275
    Mary, i. 1, 66, 93
    Sophia, i. 4
    Thomas Robert, i. 2, 4, 7, 22, 46, 47, 67, 81, 86; ii. 29, 45, 50,
        81
    William, General, i. 59
    family of, i. 7

  KEPPEL; _see_ Albemarle

  Kertch, ii. 267, 270-272

  Khersonese, ii. 258, 263

  Khoulalonkorn, King, iii. 229

  Kiel Harbour, ii. 240

  King, Admiral Sir Durnford, ii. 60, 67
    Admiral George, ii. 276; iii. 113, 114, 121
    Captain Philip, ii. 134, 169

  Kingsley, Charles, iii. 114

  Kingston, Jamaica, i. 60

  Kinmel, i. 93, 162

  Kissang River, i. 135

  Knollys, Sir Francis, iii. 323

  Knox, Lieutenant Thomas Owen, i. 119, 120, 124

  Kobe, iii. 298

  Korbé; _see_ Corvé

  Korea, iii. 194

  Kororareka (Russell), N.Z., ii. 171

  Korsakof, General, iii. 195, 208

  Kronstadt, ii. 230

  Kuching; _see_ Sarawak

  Kung, the Prince of, iii. 226


  Labuan, ii. 30, 63, 76, 82, 87, 90, 125, 127; iii. 126, 230

  Lagos, i. 238, 241, 242

  Lahon, Cape, i. 210, 211

  Lake, Admiral W. T., i. 54

  Lambrick, Captain, ii. 144

  Landon, Laetitia Elizabeth, i. 221

  Lansdowne, Lord, ii. 59

  Lante Bay, i. 170

  _La Place_, iii. 162, 177

  Lawrence, Captain, i. 182

  Leicester, Earl of; _see_ Coke, Thomas William
    Countess of; _see_ Hon. Anne Keppel

  Leighton, Vice-Chancellor, iii. 324

  Leithbridge, Misses, ii. 55

  Le Marchant, Major, i. 75

  Lennard, Sir Thomas, ii. 45

  Leopold, H.R.H. Prince, i. 53; iii. 36

  Lescanca, Brigadier, i. 189

  Lesseps, Ferdinand de, iii. 118

  _Leven_, iii. 234

  Lexham Hall, i. 7

  Lichfield, Thomas, Lord, i. 7, 162

  Li Hung Chang, iii. 245

  Lima, General, i. 41

  Linga River, ii. 2, 19

  Lingghi River, i. 135

  Linn, Mandarin, i. 264

  Lisbon, i. 103, 184

  Lissa, i. 22

  Livingstone, Dr. David, iii. 67

  Lloyd, Mr., i. 125
    Lieutenant, iii. 235

  Loch, Captain Granville, i. 260, 261, 262, 263, 270, 272

  Lockyer, Commander Nicholas, C.B., i. 167; ii. 116

  _London_, iii. 110

  Loring, Captain John Wentworth, i. 16, 17

  Louis Philippe, King, ii. 76

  Louise, H.R.H. Princess, iii. 38

  Low, Hugh, ii. 82, 126, 230

  Lowe, Robert, iii. 325

  Lukin, Admiral, i. 7, 14

  Lupar River, ii. 6

  Lushington, Rt. Hon. Stephen, i. 148

  Lyall, Sir Charles, ii. 215

  Lyemoon Pass, iii. 182

  Lynedoch, Lord, i. 54

  Lyons, Admiral Sir Edmund, ii. 211, 256, 267


  Macao, i. 264, 327; ii. 120; iii. 1, 8, 9, 130, 222

  M‘Arthur, Captain, ii. 132, 144

  M‘Clure, Sir Robert, iii. 8

  Macdonald, Sir James, i. 4; iii. 323

  MacDonnell, Sir Richard, iii. 129, 231

  Mackenzie, Consul, i. 61

  Macota, ii. 20

  _Madagascar_, i. 165, 170

  Madeira; _see_ Funchal Roads

  Madras, i. 133, 134, 148, 150, 157, 158

  Madrid, i. 186

  Madura, ii. 131

  _Mæander_, ii. 58, 60, 81, 115, 126, 130, 155, 200, 201

  Magellan, Straits of, ii. 195-199

  _Magicienne_, i. 118, 119, 133, 153, 200

  Magin, Captain, iii. 1

  Mahé, Port, iii. 63

  Mahébourg, iii. 63

  Maitland, Admiral Sir F. L., K.C.B., i. 165, 167

  _Malabar_, i. 169, 171, 183, 184

  Malacca, i. 134, 135, 137, 150, 157; ii. 24, 334

  Malaga, i. 185, 186, 188, 190, 196

  Malakoff, ii. 274

  Malanga, ii. 172

  Maldanado Roads, i. 43

  Mallewali, ii. 96

  Malone, Lieutenant, i. 17

  Malta, i. 75, 168, 184, 200; ii. 249; iii. 117

  Mambahennan, ii. 100

  Mamelon, ii. 273

  Manao, iii. 169

  Manchester, Duke and Duchess of, i. 57; iii. 322, 323

  Manila, i. 327; ii. 124; iii. 230

  Maratabu River, ii. 23

  _Mariner_, ii. 77

  Marjoribanks, Dr., i. 326

  Marmora, Sea of, ii. 249

  Marseilles, i. 222

  Martin, Admiral, ii. 239
    Captain George, i. 169
    Surgeon William, i. 75

  Matapan, Cape, i. 180

  Mataxa, Count, iii. 99

  Mathieson, Commander, ii. 78

  Maul, Fox; _see_ Panmure, Lord

  Mauritius, i. 85, 260; iii. 63

  Maxwell, Sir Benson, iii. 317

  Maxwell, Rev. Dr., iii. 223

  Mayatchni Island, iii. 195

  Maynard family, the, i. 164

  Mazatlan, ii. 185, 188

  _Medea_, ii. 116

  Medhurst, Sir Walter, iii. 221, 239

  _Medusa_, i. 266, 274

  Melville Island, ii. 134

  Menai Suspension Bridge, i. 94

  Menschikoff, Admiral Prince, ii. 240

  Mexico, city of, i. 56, 64
    Gulf of, i. 57

  Meyerbeer, iii. 25

  Miako, iii. 174, 175, 180

  Michi, Mr., iii. 238

  Mikado, the, iii. 190, 290

  Millett family, the, i. 253

  Milo, i. 68, 176

  Mina, Captain-General, i. 188, 196
    Doña, i. 196

  Ming Tombs, the, iii. 172

  Minorca, i. 14

  Minto, Lord, i. 255

  Minwaji-no-Mia, Prince, iii. 286

  Mitford, Bertram, iii. 268, 286, 290

  _Modeste_, i. 243, 277

  Moluccas Islands, ii. 147

  Montagu, Oliver, iii. 323

  Montague, Admiral Sir William, i. 169, 171, 184; ii. 205

  Montenegro, the Marquis of, i. 195

  Moore, Admiral Sir Graham, G.C.B., i. 260
    General Sir John, i. 260

  Moorsom, Captain, ii. 285

  Moowar, the Rajah of, i. 136, 137, 139-146
    River, i. 135; ii. 24

  Moriataba River, i. 295

  Mozambique Harbour, iii. 55

  Muda Hassim, Rajah, i. 299, 300, 301, 306, 307, 319, 339; ii. 42, 84

  Mulla, Seriff, i. 312; ii. 6

  Mundy, Captain, i. 157, 172

  Murrundum Island, i. 294

  Musemberg, i. 73


  Nagasaki, iii. 144, 145, 170, 191, 192, 220, 300

  Najassi, iii. 201

  Nakoda Bahar, ii. 6

  Nanbu Harbour, iii. 158

  Nancowry Harbour, i. 134, 285

  Nanking, i. 270, 271; iii. 239

  Nankow, iii. 172

  Nanning, i. 134, 135

  Napier, Admiral Sir Charles John, K.C.B., i. 101, 102, 107, 117, 167,
        247; ii. 53, 57, 226, 228
    William, i. 288; ii. 24, 64, 67, 87

  Napoleon, i. 1, 86, 90, 253

  Napper, Surgeon James, i. 71

  Nash, Lieutenant Charles, i. 70

  Natunas, i. 294, 296, 297

  Navarino, i. 68

  Nelson, Rev. Edmund, i. 15
    Lord, i. 13, 15, 24; ii. 267

  New Guinea, ii. 148

  Newman, Sir Robert, ii. 276

  New Spain, i. 64

  New Zealand, ii. 152, 169

  Nicholai, iii. 192, 206

  Nicholas I., Czar, ii. 258

  Nicholson, Port, ii. 169

  Nicobar Islands, i. 134, 284

  Nigata, iii. 167

  Nightingale, Miss Florence, ii. 251

  Ning Po, i. 279

  Noad, Lieutenant Arthur, i. 113, 203, 257

  Nogueras, General, i. 188

  Norfolk Island, ii. 165

  Norman, Colonel, iii. 296

  Norris, Sir William, i. 285, 289

  Northumberland, Duke of, i. 49

  Norton, Mrs., i. 260

  Nova Scotia, i. 52

  Novogorod Harbour, iii. 194

  Nwajima, Prince, iii. 293


  _Ocean_, iii. 179, 277

  O’Donnell, Colonel, i. 192

  Ohier, Admiral Marie Gustave, iii. 180, 227

  Oldfield, Lieutenant R. Brice, ii. 59

  Ommaney, Admiral Sir John, ii. 209

  Onrust Island, ii. 130

  Ord, Sir Henry, iii. 316

  _Orestes_, i. 180, 197, 200

  Orizaba Mountain, i. 62

  Osaka, iii. 174, 179, 180, 186, 190, 220, 298

  Osmond, John, i. 84

  Otho, King of Greece, i. 179

  Ou-teng-foi, iii. 235, 236

  Owen, Admiral Sir E. W., i. 127, 128


  Paddi, town, i. 317

  Paget, Commander Charles, i. 94
    Clarence, ii. 264

  Pakington, Sir John, iii. 113

  Pakoo, i. 318

  Palmas, Cape, i. 211

  Palmerston, Lord, i. 185; ii. 123, 182, 256; iii. 28, 29, 32, 100

  Panmure, Lord, i. 162; iii. 15-17

  Papua, ii. 148

  Parker, Rev. Dr., i. 281
    Admiral Sir William Hyde, i. 191, 193, 195, 198, 254, 264, 266,
        271, 272, 273, 278, 325; ii. 27, 31

  Parkes, Sir Henry, i. 264, 278; iii. 148, 150, 168, 169, 174, 179,
        181, 187, 188, 273, 297, 328

  Paros, i. 179

  Parseval Deschênes; _see_ Deschênes

  Partridge, family, i. 5; ii. 49

  Partridge, C., ii. 61

  Paterson, Mr., i. 66, 67

  Patingi, Ali, ii. 7

  Patterson, Admiral, i. 52
    Charles, i. 52

  Patusen, ii. 2, 3, 5

  Pechell, Captain, ii. 299

  Peck, Henry and George, i. 73

  Pedro, Don, i. 40

  Peel, Sir Lawrence, i. 335

  Peiho River, iii. 171

  Peking, i. 81; iii. 144, 171, 259

  Pelham, Dudley, i. 166

  _Pelican_, i. 226, 231, 242, 277

  Pell, Sir Watkin, ii. 43

  Pelorus, ii. 144

  Penang, i. 146, 149, 282, 333, 337; ii. 334; iii. 14, 120, 229, 318

  _Penelope_, iii. 283

  Penguin Island, i. 203, 208

  Percy, Admiral Hon. Josceline, ii. 199

  Percy, Captain Joseph, i. 169, 176

  Perim, iii. 118, 119

  Pernambuco, i. 41, 42

  Perote, i. 64

  Perry, Dare and Co., Messrs., i. 135

  _Perseus_, iii. 234

  Petropaulovski, i. 178; iii. 208

  Pettigrew, Dr., i. 100

  Pfingsten, Major, iii. 195

  _Phlegethon_, i. 278; ii. 1, 3, 6, 77, 84, 234

  _Piraeus_, the, i. 178

  Plampin, Admiral, i. 48

  Plumridge, Admiral J. H., i. 119, 121, 135; ii. 76, 231; iii. 130

  _Plymouth_, ii. 121

  Point de Galle, iii. 14, 119, 318

  Po-leng, iii. 235

  Polkinghorne, Commander James, i. 79

  Pomony, iii. 56

  Pontranini, ii. 20

  Poore, Sir E., ii. 41

  Popham, Commander Brunswick, i. 226, 231, 232, 242, 243

  Popoe, Little, i. 235, 236

  Porchester Castle, i. 52

  Porirua, Cape, ii. 171

  Port-au-Prince, i. 61

  Portendick, i. 202

  Porter, Captain, i. 98

  Port Jackson, ii. 152, 153

  _Portland_, i. 178, 180

  Port Louis, i. 77, 79, 85

  Port Mahon, i. 194

  Port Nicholson, ii. 171

  Porto Praya, i. 69, 204

  Port Royal, Jamaica, i. 57, 60, 62, 112, 113

  Posietta Bay, iii. 194

  Potoo, i. 278

  Pottinger, Sir Henry, i. 264, 271, 272, 273, 278, 322
    Major, i. 327

  Price, Captain David, i. 178

  Prince Edward’s Island, ii. 73

  _Princess Charlotte_, i. 52; iii. 129, 130, 220

  Prince’s Island, i. 224, 225, 229, 237, 244

  Princess Royal, the, i. 253; iii. 114, 121

  Province Wellesley, i. 283

  Pulo Sabu, i. 288


  Queensberry, Marquis of, iii. 40

  Quidenham, i. 1, 8, 9, 93; ii. 56, 65

  Quin, Captain Michael, ii. 23

  Quitta, i. 235, 240


  Raffles, Sir Stamford, i. 285; ii. 76

  Raffles Bay, ii. 134

  Raglan, Lord, ii. 256, 264, 275

  _Raleigh_, ii. 324, 336; iii. 2, 8

  Ramsay, Captain, ii. 235

  _Ranee_, ii. 86

  Ranelagh, Lord, i. 196

  _Rattler_, iii. 190, 227

  _Rattlesnake_, ii. 153

  Read, Lieutenant Charles B., ii. 58, 72
    W. H., i. 289; iii. 317
    Lieutenant (U.S.N.), iii. 177

  Redan, the, ii. 274, 299-304

  _Revenge_, i. 200

  Reynolds, Admiral Barrington, ii. 199

  Rice, Edward, i. 169, 248, 260, 264, 274, 277
    family, the, i. 248

  Rich, Henry, i. 96

  Richmond, Duke of, i. 72, 253
    Duchess of, i. 72

  Rigby, Colonel, iii. 62, 63

  _Rinaldo_, iii. 187, 221, 222, 234

  Rio de Janeiro, i. 36, 42, 43, 123; ii. 72, 198; iii. 42, 75

  Rio de la Plata, i. 43

  Risk, W. B., iii. 145

  Rivers, Lieutenant, ii. 47

  Roberts, Captain Sir Samuel, i. 168, 180

  Robinson, Commander, iii. 221
    Sir Hercules, iii. 319

  Roches, M., iii. 174, 180, 188

  _Rodney_, i. 191, 192, 193, 196, 197, 200; ii. 276, 304; iii. 173,
        177, 180, 222, 247, 276, 323, 324

  Rodyk, Jack, iii. 318

  Roe, Sir Frederick and Lady, ii. 45

  Rokeby, General Lord, ii. 246, 255

  Romney family, the, i. 257

  Rose, Sir Hugh, iii. 14

  Rosebery, Lord, i. 7

  Rouen, Baron de Forth, ii. 117

  Rougemont, Lieutenant, iii. 187

  Rous, Admiral Hon. Henry, i. 87, 90; iii. 20

  Rowley, Sir Charles, ii. 27
    Admiral Sir Josias, i. 168, 180, 182, 183, 185, 201, 247; ii. 39
    Josias (junior), i. 261
    Admiral Samuel, ii. 32

  Roy, Captain, iii. 186

  Rubielo, i. 188

  Ryder, Captain A. P., ii. 230


  Sacrificios, i. 114

  Sadong River, i. 311; ii. 85

  Saghalien Island, iii. 194, 198

  Sahib, Seriff, ii. 2, 5, 20

  Saigon, iii. 227

  St. Angelo, Cape, i. 178

  St. Barbara River, i. 227

  San Domingo, i. 16, 61, 163

  St. Helena, i. 90

  St. Jago de Cuba, i. 33, 61, 69, 204, 261

  _St. Jean d’Acre_, ii. 208, 233, 243

  St. John, Sir Spenser, ii. 69

  St. Juan d’Ulloa, i. 62

  St. Paul’s, Cape, i. 235, 238
    Island, i. 123
    Roads, i. 85

  San Salvador, i. 38, 39, 40; iii. 77, 78

  St. Thomas Island, i. 229; iii. 73

  St. Vincent, i. 97, 107

  Sakai, iii. 186, 187

  Salamanca, i. 82

  Salamis, Bay of, i. 179

  _Salamis_, iii. 115, 120, 122, 145, 173, 180, 192, 198, 234, 237

  Salisbury, Lord, i. 177; iii. 324

  Saltoun, General Lord, i. 252, 264, 327, 332

  _Samarang_, ii. 18

  Sambas River, i. 292

  Sandilands, Commander A. A., i. 129

  Sandringham, iii. 92, 93, 260

  Sandwich Islands, i. 43; ii. 151

  Santobong, ii. 112

  _Saracen_, i. 203, 223, 228, 231, 232, 239, 240

  Sarawak, i. 294, 296, 304, 319, 339; ii. 21, 83, 112; iii. 11, 124,
        229

  Sarebas, the, ii. 127
    River, i. 311

  _Satellite_, iii. 122

  Satsuma, Prince, iii. 174, 175, 178, 180

  Saumarez, Sir James, i. 69
    Captain, i. 326

  Saxe-Weimar, Duke Bernard of, ii. 131
    Prince Edward of, ii. 253

  Schomberg, Commodore, i. 85, 87

  Scott, Captain Lord Charles, iii. 170, 222
    Captain Frank, i. 103, 190; ii. 7

  _Scout_, i. 167, 170, 225, 231, 232, 240, 242

  Sebastopol; _see_ Sevastopol

  Seboo, ii. 2

  Sekarran, country, ii. 2
    River, i. 312; ii. 6

  Sekarrans, the, ii. 1, 127

  Senegal, i. 238

  _Serapis_, iii. 332

  Seriff Jaffer, ii. 2

  Seton, Sir Henry, i. 335

  Sevastopol, ii. 240, 254, 256, 264

  Seymour family, the, i. 253
    Admiral Sir George, i. 163, 198, 258; ii. 327; iii. 321
    Admiral G. Henry, i. 198, 200, 275, 277, 278, 322, 333; ii. 235;
        iii. 283, 321
    Admiral Lord Hugh, i. 16, 17
    Admiral Sir Michael, i. 55; ii. 209, 238, 337; iii. 1, 9
    Michael (junior), iii. 3
    Lord William, ii. 235

  Shakotan Bay, iii. 227

  Shanghai, i. 266, 277; iii. 142, 172, 180, 220, 237

  Shaw, Whitehead and Co., i. 288

  Shepherd, Captain, ii. 182
    Quartermaster John, ii. 274, 282

  Sheridan, Charles, i. 260
    Francis, i. 260, 261, 262

  Sheriff, Admiral, ii. 47, 56, 60

  Shrewsbury, Lord, i. 187

  Shunski, Ito, iii. 183

  Siefukigi Temple, iii. 183

  Sierra Leone, i. 202, 203, 233; iii. 70

  Simmons, Mr., purser, ii. 80

  Simoneseki Straits, iii. 146, 265

  Simon’s Bay, i. 71, 74, 75, 77, 83, 86, 261; iii. 45, 67, 74

  Simpson, Arthur Bridgman, i. 70, 71
    General, i. 81; ii. 279
    Dr., i. 271, 319, 322, 323

  Sinclair, Major, i. 291

  Singapore, i. 147, 157, 263, 281, 285, 288, 322, 333, 338; ii. 23,
        24, 75, 77, 111, 128, 129; iii. 9, 13, 115, 120, 121, 122, 230

  _Sir Charles Forbes_, iii. 1

  Skipsey, Commodore, i. 76

  Skipwith family, the, i. 253; ii. 48
    Lieutenant Grey, i. 165, 191, 193, 252, 264, 272, 273, 278, 279,
        291; ii. 65

  Smith, Lieutenant Christopher, i. 63, 71

  Smyrna, i. 168, 175, 176

  Sober Island, i. 127

  Somerset, the Duke of, iii. 79, 265
    Lord Charles Fitzroy, i. 72

  Soult, Marshal, i. 247

  Spalding, John, i. 98

  _Spartan_, ii. 41

  Speke, Captain John Hanning, iii. 41, 46, 57, 91

  Spencer, Earl, i. 102, 103, 253

  _Sphynx_, ii. 52

  Spurrier, Mr., iii. 4, 20

  Stanhope, Captain, iii. 179, 181, 186, 187
    Elizabeth, i. 8
    Spencer, i. 8

  Stanley, Captain Owen, i. 291; ii. 134, 142, 153, 156

  _Stanley_, iii. 222

  Staveley, Captain, ii. 117-123
    General, ii. 117

  Stephenson, Augustus, ii. 240
    Commander Henry Frederick, i. 66, 93, 96, 97, 119, 164; ii. 219;
        iii. 15-17, 19, 27, 107, 115, 190, 205
    Henry (junior), ii. 219, 233
    Lady Mary; _see_ Keppel

  Steward, Mr., ii. 7

  Stewart, Mrs. Keith; _see_ Fitzroy, Mary

  Stoddard, Consul, ii. 70

  Stopford, Admiral Sir Robert, i. 201; ii. 46, 55

  Straits Settlements, the, iii. 121, 316

  Strongiolo Bay, i. 179

  Suckling, i. 20, 24

  Suez, iii. 18, 118

  Suffield, Lord and Lady, i. 162

  Suffolk, Earl of, i. 97

  Sullivan, Sir Charles, Bart., i. 59

  Sulu, the Sultan of, ii. 104

  Sumatra, i. 149

  Summers, Mr., ii. 118-123

  Sunda, Straits of, i. 147, 263; ii. 75

  Surtees family, i. 5

  Sussex, H.R.H. Augustus, Duke of, i. 9, 11, 66, 93, 97, 160, 161,
        246, 247, 249, 322

  Suttie, Captain Francis, iii. 115

  Swan, Commander John, iii. 190

  Swansen, Mr., i. 214, 215, 216, 219-221

  Swatow, iii. 136, 233, 235

  Swinhoe, Consul, iii. 237

  _Sybille_, iii. 8

  Sydney, ii. 152, 153, 154, 164

  Symonds, Sir William, i. 169; ii. 41, 46

  Syra, i. 180


  Tagus, River, ii. 213

  Tahiti, ii. 177

  Tai-wan-foo, iii. 224

  Taki Zingaburo, iii. 183, 184

  Taku Forts, iii. 171, 264, 303, 310

  _Talavera_, i. 169, 171

  Talbot, Captain Charles, i. 123

  Talleyrand, Prince, i. 162, 247

  Tambilan Islands, i. 292, 338

  Tampico, i. 58, 64, 65, 113

  Tangiers, i. 168

  Tang-Tau, iii. 234, 235

  Tanjong Datu, i. 294; ii. 83; iii. 123

  Tanjong Po, i. 295; ii. 83

  Tarragona, i. 189, 196

  Tartary, Gulf of, iii. 192

  Tasmania, ii. 157

  Taylor, pilot, i. 257

  Tchung-How, iii. 263

  Templer, John, ii. 43, 62
    J. L. B., ii. 43

  Termination Island, iii. 195

  Thackeray, William Makepeace, iii. 82

  Thistlethwaite, Mr., i. 251

  Thompson, Deas, ii. 157

  Thompson, Rev. Josias, ii. 328; iii. 9

  Thours, Captain Du Petit, iii. 187, 227, 271

  _Thunderer_, i. 121, 169, 170, 180

  _Tien Chi_, iii. 222

  Tientsin, iii. 303

  Tillenadin, Conanyaga Modr, i. 128

  Tomari, iii. 163

  Tombeaux Bay, iii. 65

  Tonga Tabu, ii. 172

  Toolyan Island, ii. 106

  Torres, Captain de, i. 36

  Torres Straits, ii. 142

  Tortoza, i. 188

  Tosa, Prince, iii. 170

  Tottenham, Lieutenant, i. 258, 285; ii. 81

  Townshend, Captain Lord James, i. 123

  Tracey, Commander, iii. 177

  Trade Town, i. 203, 206

  Trafalgar, i. 7, 12

  _Tribune_, i. 169, 175, 183, 189; iii. 8

  Trincomalee, i. 125, 128, 147, 157

  Tripoli, i. 171, 178

  Tristan d’Achuna, i. 123

  Trollope, Commander, iii. 222

  Trowbridge, Captain Sir Thomas, i. 257, 272; ii. 116, 117, 120

  Troy, i. 178

  Tseng Kuo-fau, iii. 222

  Tumongong of Singapore, the, ii. 81, 82

  Turnour, Captain Edward W., i. 333; ii. 3-7, 336; iii. 1, 4, 39, 45

  Twanai, iii. 163

  _Tweed_, i. 19, 25, 46, 65, 66, 67, 85

  Twofold Bay, ii. 157

  _Tyne_, i. 169, 176, 187, 189, 200


  _Undaunted_, i. 67, 84

  Undop, ii. 5, 6, 19


  Valencia, i. 187, 191, 195

  Valparaiso, ii. 195

  _Venus_, iii. 186

  Vera Cruz, i. 57, 58, 62, 65

  Vernon, Lord, i. 184

  _Vernon_, i. 169, 180

  Victor of Hohenlohe, Prince, ii. 235; iii. 1, 2, 9, 25

  Victoria, Queen, i. 247, 250, 251; ii. 218, 313, 324; iii. 19, 41,
        116, 322, 329
    Princess; _see_ Princess Royal

  _Victory_, i. 53

  Villa Nueva, i. 200

  Vizeu, Francisco Nunes Sweezer, i. 2, 103

  _Vladimir_, ii. 302

  Vladivostock, iii. 198, 218

  Vlangali, A., iii. 192, 194

  _Volage_, i. 169, 180

  Von Brockhausen, Baron, i. 191

  Vourla, i. 168, 170, 171, 173


  Wade, Sir Thomas, i. 81
    Colonel, i. 81
    Lieutenant C. F., ii. 3, 6, 14

  Waitemata Harbour, ii. 171

  Wales, H.R.H. the Prince of, i. 96, 257; iii. 81, 92, 93, 105, 113,
        115, 322, 328, 329, 332, 333
    H.R.H. the Princess of, iii. 81, 93, 105, 322, 333

  Walker, Captain Sir Baldwin, i. 201; ii. 208; iii. 74

  Walpole-Keppel, family of, i. 7

  _Wanderer_, i. 275, 333

  Waring, Mr., i. 187

  Warren, Admiral, i. 121; iii. 75

  Warrington, Colonel, i. 172

  Waterford, Lord, i. 246

  Waterloo, Battle of, i. 1, 72, 86

  Waterpark, Eliza, Lady, i. 8

  _Waterwitch_, i. 223, 227, 228

  Watson, Captain, i. 274, 277, 278

  Wellesley, Captain George, iii. 14

  _Wellesley_, ii. 68

  Wellington, Duke of, i. 82, 86, 247, 256; ii. 206

  Wellington, N.Z., ii. 171

  Wemyss and March, Earl of, i. 8
    Frederica, Countess of, i. 8

  West, Green, i. 71
    Jane; _see_ Keppel, Lady
    Rev. Richard, iii. 80

  Whampoa, i. 323; ii. 80, 116; iii. 14, 232, 317

  Whichcote, Sir Thomas, iii. 27

  White, Admiral Sir John, ii. 29

  Whitehead, Mr., i. 322

  Whitshed, Admiral Sir James Hawkins, i. 27

  Whydah, i. 237, 239

  Whytock, Colonel, ii. 60

  Wildman, Colonel, i. 11

  William IV., King, i. 102, 120, 121, 160, 161, 163, 200

  Williams, Sir John, i. 94
    Admiral Sir Thomas, G.C.B., i. 94, 165

  Williamson, Mr., i. 302; ii. 7

  Willoughby, James, iii. 117

  Wilson, Lieutenant A. K., iii. 178
    family, the, i. 51

  Windham, General Charles, ii. 260, 300, 301
    Mr., ii. 101, 105

  Windsor, iii. 115, 116

  Wise, Henry, ii. 43, 62, 63
    Captain W., i. 169

  Wodehouse, George, i. 103

  _Wolverine_, i. 199, 200, 281; ii. 24

  Wood, Sir Charles, iii. 9
    Rev. James, i. 2, 4

  Woosung, i. 266-269, 275; iii. 180, 220

  Würtemburg, the Prince of, i. 115

  Wynberg, i. 71


  Xalapa, i. 57, 63, 64

  Xavier, St. Francis, i. 150

  Xeres, i. 184


  Yang-tse-kiang River, i. 268, 269; iii. 237

  Yarborough, Lord, i. 166

  Yates, Mr., i. 66

  Yedo, iii. 148, 179, 180, 265

  Yeh, Admiral, iii. 6

  Yeng Cheow, iii. 223

  Yesso, iii. 164

  Yo-chow, iii. 250

  Yokohama, iii. 148, 150, 151, 162, 174, 177, 179, 180, 191, 192, 220,
        295

  Yokosha, iii. 191

  York, Cape, ii. 142

  Young, Captain, ii. 79

  Yule, Lieutenant, ii. 165


  Zante, i. 180, 182

  Zanzibar, iii. 57
    the Sultan of, iii. 62

  _Zebra_, iii. 222


END OF VOL. I.


_Printed by_ R. & R. CLARK, LIMITED, _Edinburgh_.




Transcriber’s Notes


 • Italic text denoted by _underscores_.
 • Small capitals converted to ALL CAPS.
 • Images relocated close to related content.
 • Sidenotes relocated close to related content.
 • The original has a sidenote at the start of every page to indicate
   the current year and sometimes a reminder of the current location.
   Where the year and location are clear from the text and previous
   sidenotes, these page-top notes have been omitted.
 • Footnotes have been renumbered consecutively and relocated close
   to related content.
 • Punctuation and other obvious typographic inaccuracies were silently
   corrected.
 • Archaic and variable spelling has been preserved.
 • Variations in hyphenation and compound words have been preserved.
 • The list of Illustrations credits “_Dido_ at Chusan” to Anonymous.
   But in the text, Keppel notes that Watson of the _Modeste_ made the
   drawing.  Naval records show that Rundle Burges Watson commanded the
   _Modeste_ at this time. List of Illustrations updated to give Watson
   credit for the drawing.
 • The index that is in volume III has been replicated into volumes I 
   and II. Only those page numbers pertaining to this volume have 
   been linked.

Corrections

 Page| From                         | To
 ----+------------------------------+--------------------------------
  52 | Built by the Romans in the   | Built by the Romans, in the
     |   fourteenth century, it was |   fourteenth century it was
 277 | Rundle, Bowles, Watson,      | Rundle Burges Watson





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A SAILOR'S LIFE UNDER FOUR SOVEREIGNS, VOLUME I (OF 3) ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

